
==============================================================================
INFORME: AHOLD DELHAIZE | PAISES BAJOS | 2019 | Annual report
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: IFRS 16) ---
Attendance Except for a limited number of occasions, and for valid reasons, all Supervisory Board members attended all Supervisory Board meetings in 2019. In all cases, the Supervisory Board members who were not able to attend made sure they were represented. All Supervisory Board members made adequate time available to give sufficient attention to matters concerning Ahold Delhaize.

Remuneration The annual remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Board was determined by the extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on March 14, 2016. Remuneration is subject to annual review by the Supervisory Board.

Sustainability & Innovation Committee

Governance & Nomination Committee Remuneration Committee

Board attendance

In the execution of the remuneration of the Supervisory Board members, the Company continued the 2018 practice. At the 2020 annual General Meeting of Shareholders, a remuneration policy for the Supervisory Board will be up for vote to formalize this practice (including some additional updates).

Committees of the Supervisory Board The Supervisory Board has four committees to which certain tasks are assigned. The committees have advisory powers and provide the Supervisory Board with regular updates on their meetings. The composition of the committees has changed over 2019 and is detailed in the following table.

1 Attendance in his capacity as Chairman of the Supervisory Board.

Independence The Supervisory Board confirms that during 2019 as well as on February 25, 2020, all Supervisory Board members were independent within the meaning of provision 2.1.10 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code.

Sustainability and Innovation Committee Jan Hommen (Chairman) Chairman Member Bill McEwan (Vice Chairman) Chairman Member Jacques de Vaucleroy (Vice Chairman) Member Member Ben Noteboom Member Member Ren Hooft Graafland Chairman Member Mary Anne Citrino Member Member Dominique Leroy Member Member Katie Doyle Member Co-chair Peter Agnefjll Member Co-chair

Governance and Nomination Committee Remuneration Committee

Supervisory Board report

The Audit, Finance and Risk Committee also discussed items including:

Audit, Finance and Risk Committee The Audit, Finance and Risk Committee assists the Supervisory Board in its responsibility to oversee Ahold Delhaizes financing, financial statements, financial reporting process and system of internal business controls and risk management. The Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal Officer, Senior Vice President Internal Audit, Senior Vice President Tax and Accounting and representatives of the external independent auditor are invited to, and attend, the Audit, Finance and Risk Committee meetings.

Quarterly interim reports

Ahold Delhaizes 2018 Annual Report including the financial statements

Review and approval of the internal audit plan

Management report on internal controls over financial reporting

The findings in the internal audit letters and the external independent auditors findings in relation to the internal controls over financial reporting

The Audit, Finance and Risk Committee determines how the external independent auditor should be involved in the content and publication of financial reports other than the financial statements. The Management Board and the Audit, Finance and Risk Committee report to the Supervisory Board annually on their cooperation with the external independent auditor, including the auditors independence. The Supervisory Board takes these reports into account when deciding on the nomination for the appointment of an external independent auditor that is submitted to the General Meeting of Shareholders.

--- zona 2 (seccion: IFRS 16) ---
Restructuring and related charges and other items: In 2019, the charges were mainly related to restructuring costs of 19 million at Albert Heijn, while in 2018, they related mainly to IT integration costs.

In 2019, underlying operating income in The Netherlands was 776 million, up by 28 million or 3.8% compared to 2018. Underlying operating margin in The Netherlands was 5.2% in 2019, down 0.1% compared to 2018. Margins were impacted by higher underlying operating expenses, which were partly offset by better growth margins.

In 2019, bol.com celebrated its 20th anniversary. Over the past two decades, bol.com has developed from an online book store to an online retailer selling over 22 million products. In recent years, its growth has been strongly influenced by the more than 20,000 third-party resellers using bol.com as an online sales platform.

Excluding bol.com, the underlying operating income margin was 5.8% in 2019. This was flat compared to 2018 as a result of saving programs, including synergy savings and Save for Our Customers initiatives, offset mainly by the growth of ah.nl.

Our net sales in The Netherlands consist of sales to consumers and to franchise stores. Franchise stores operate under the same format as Ahold Delhaize-operated stores. Franchisees purchase merchandise primarily from Ahold Delhaize, pay a franchise fee and receive support services.

Technology

Healthy and sustainable

For more information on how we are driving growth, see our reporting hub

--- zona 3 (seccion: IFRS 16) ---
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the Companys financial reporting process.

Our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements Our responsibility is to plan and perform an audit engagement in a manner that allows us to obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for our opinion. Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error and to issue an auditors report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high but not absolute level of assurance, which makes it possible that we may not detect all material misstatements. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered to be material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

Report on other legal and regulatory requirements Our appointment We were appointed as auditors of Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V. on April 16, 2013 by the Supervisory Board following the passing of a resolution by the shareholders at the annual meeting held on April 16, 2013. Our appointment has been renewed annually by shareholders representing a total period of uninterrupted engagement appointment of seven years.

No prohibited non-audit services To the best of our knowledge and belief, we have not provided prohibited non-audit services as referred to in Article 5(1) of the European Regulation on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities.

Materiality affects the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and the evaluation of the effect of identified misstatements on our opinion.

A more detailed description of our responsibilities is set out in the appendix to our report.

--- zona 4 (seccion: IFRS 16) ---
6 Jeff Carrs employment relationship with Ahold Delhaize will terminate as of April 9, 2020, without any severance payment due. Shares awarded under the GRO plan will vest at the regular vesting dates. An estimate of these costs in the amount of 921 thousand was recognized in 2019.

7 Wouter Kolk was appointed as member of the Management Board effective April 11, 2018. His 2018 remuneration reported as member of the Management Board reflects a partial year.

8 The 2019 entitlement value for the long-term equity-based program is the estimated value based on the closing share price as of December 29, 2019, of 22.75 and as presented in the table 2017 GRO share grant (to vest in 2020). The actual value will be determined at vesting on April 9, 2020. The 2018 entitlement value for the long-term equity-based program is the value of the 2016 grant which vested in 2019.

2019 Remuneration

The following table shows the pay ratio of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, ChiefExecutive Officer Ahold Delhaize USA and Chief Executive Officer Ahold Delhaize Europe and Indonesia compared to the average remuneration of all Ahold Delhaize associates.

Management Board remuneration in context This section places the remuneration of the members of the Management Board and its development over time in the broader context of the average remuneration of our associates and the Companys performance, and, with respect to the remuneration of the Chief Executive Officer, external peers.

The following table sets out the total remuneration for the members of the Management Board, the average remuneration of all associates across the group, and the overall annual performance multiplier and long-term incentive vesting rates for 2015 through 2019. To ensure consistency with our standing disclosure practice and to allow for external comparison, the Management Board remuneration detailed below reflects the remuneration costs expensed per Management Board member for the respective year. Likewise, the average remuneration of all associates is calculated as the total (IFRS-based) labor costs divided by the number of associates on an FTE basis.

1 For 2018 and 2019, CEO refers to Frans Muller. In order to reflect a full-year remuneration, the 2018 remuneration comprises the remuneration up to July 1, 2018, received in his capacity as Deputy CEO, and from July 1, 2018, received in his capacity as CEO. For 2015, 2016, and 2017, CEO refers to Dick Boer.

Management Board remuneration and Company performance

2 Since the CEO Ahold Delhaize USA joined the Company on July 24, 2016, full-year numbers for 2015 and 2016 are not available.

thousand 2019 % change 2018 % change 2017 % change 2016 % change 2015 Management Board remuneration Chief Executive Officer 4,356 (13)% 4,989 9% 4,577 (3)% 4,714 9% 4,329 Chief Financial Officer 3,463 21% 2,857 1% 2,841 1% 2,802 2% 2,736 CEO Ahold Delhaize USA 3,714 3% 3,598 20% 2,994 CEO Ahold Delhaize Europe and Indonesia 1,827 Average associate remuneration Average FTE remuneration 42 5% 40 % 40 % 40 (10)% 44 Company performance Annual cash incentive plan (EIP) overall performance multiplier 89% 111% 93% 108%1 135% Long-term equity-based program (GRO) overall performance multiplier2 68% 81% 108% 146%3 80%4

3 Since the CEO Ahold Delhaize Europe and Indonesia was appointed on April 11, 2018, full-year numbers for 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018 are not available.

--- zona 5 (seccion: USA) ---
Average sales area per store (in m2): 3,987

Were an omni-channel retailer, proudly serving millions of neighbors in our stores, pharmacies, fuel stations, online pickup hubs and grocery delivery service in hundreds of zip codes.

At Giant, local is a commitment, not just a label. Each of our local products represents the cities and communities were proudly part of.

--- zona 6 (seccion: IFRS 16) ---
1 The statutory corporate income tax rate changes as a result of local tax reforms show the impact of recalculating Ahold Delhaize Netherlands deferred tax positions and applying the reduced statutory Dutch corporate income tax rates; see Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for more information.

We propose a cash dividend of 0.76 per share for the financial year 2019, an increase of 8.6% compared to 2018, reflecting our ambition of sustainable growth of the dividend per share. This represents a payout ratio of 44% of underlying net income from continuing operations.

Group non-financial review

We have celebrated a diverse and inclusive workforce and helped associates to reach their potential so they can thrive. And we have further reduced our climate impact by continuing to lower our carbon emissions.

Our 2020 Sustainable Retailing ambition

For the past four years we have been working towards a set of ambitions for 2020, outlined in our Sustainable Retailing strategy, which supports the achievement of our Leading Together strategy.

In addition to the focus areas outlined above, we have continued our journey to improve performance in: associate development, climate impact, product safety and sustainability, safety at work and local community connection. The following section shows how we performed in 2019 on the targets we set in our Sustainable Retailing 2020 strategy.

Now that 2020 is upon us, we have developed our healthy and sustainable ambition for 2025, which describes how and where we aim to accelerate toward food systems that are healthier for people and the planet. For more information, see Our growth drivers: Healthy and sustainable.

Our Sustainable Retailing 2020 strategy was shaped by our most material topics, the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and market knowledge from our great local brands. We also considered trends in our markets and around the world, integrated stakeholder feedback, and referenced other global frameworks (such as the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises).

How we manage sustainable retailing The Executive Committee, supervised and advised by the Supervisory Board (and its Sustainability and Innovation Committee) has accountability for setting strategy and driving performance. Brand leadership is responsible for establishing implementation plans, resourcing their plans and monitoring performance. The Sustainable Retailing function reports directly to the President and CEO at the global level. The Vice President Sustainable Retailing and the Group Support Office Sustainable Retailing team are responsible for advising on Ahold Delhaizes Sustainable Retailing strategy, reporting global performance internally and externally, engaging external stakeholders, supporting the brands in implementation, monitoring trends, and tracking related issues and risks. A global Sustainable Retailing Steering Committee, made up of Executive Sponsors from the local brands and relevant global functional leaders, reviews and recommends the strategic direction and public targets, and tracks overall performance.

This years annual report on fiscal year 2019 contains sustainable retailing data from all Ahold Delhaize brands except bol.com, Etos, Gall & Gall and Peapod, unless otherwise noted.

From an operational scope perspective, the data includes the following parts of the business, unless specifically noted otherwise:

--- zona 7 (seccion: IFRS 16) ---
Linked to Return on Capital Of the total GRO award, 35% is linked to a three-year RoC target. As determined by performance, thenumber of share units that vest may range between zero and a maximum of 150% of the number ofperformance share units granted.

Linked to Sustainable Retailing Of the total GRO award, 15% is determined based on the achievement of targets related to the Companys Sustainable Retailing strategic ambitions. Dependent on performance, the number of share units that vest may range between zero and a maximum of 150% of the number of shares granted.

Linked to earnings per share growth Of the total GRO award, 35% is linked to a three-year EPS growth target. As determined by performance, the number of performance share units that vest may range between zero and a maximum of 150% of the number of share units granted.

--- zona 8 (seccion: IFRS 16) ---
Restructuring and related charges and other items: The charges in 2019 and 2018 mainly related to restructuring costs of 13 million in both years. In 2018, integration costs amounted to 2 million.

Underlying operating income in 2019 was 149 million, up by 7 million, or 4.4%, compared to last year. Underlying operating income margin in 2019 was 2.9%, up 0.1 percentage points compared to 2018. Underlying operating income benefited from good cost control of underlying expenses and shrink, partly offset by increased logistics costs.

Our net sales in Belgium consist of sales to consumers and to affiliate stores. Affiliates receive goods at a wholesale price that includes a mark-up on our purchase price. The Belgium segment also includes sales of 55 stores in Luxembourg.

Healthy and sustainable

Technology

--- zona 9 (seccion: IFRS 16) ---
Company-owned distribution centers, including all transportation from distribution centers to stores, regardless of whether the transportation companies are owned by Ahold Delhaize.

We have reduced food waste, in line with our aim to responsibly manage the earths resources, and worked with food banks to feed the undernourished in our communities.

When we did not achieve full alignment in reporting on an indicator for 2019, we have explained it in the footnotes.

Global Reporting Initiative We use the GRI Standards: Core option to report on our progress. An overview of how we followed the GRI standards can be found at For more information on the definitions used see Definitions: Performance measures.

Group non-financial review Product

Giant Food launched its first-ever podcast, Nutrition Made Easy! The informative series of discussions, led by Giants registered dietitians and nutritionists, answers customers most frequently asked questions and gives healthcare providers a tool to help educate patients.

--- zona 10 (seccion: IFRS 16) ---
4 Book overdrafts, representing the excess of total issued checks over available cash balances within the Group cash concentration structure, are classified in accounts payable and do not form part of net debt. This balance at December 29, 2019, was 277 million (December 30, 2018: 292 million).

5 Cash and cash equivalents include an amount held under a notional cash pooling arrangement of 1,391 million (December 30, 2018: 695 million). This cash amount is fully offset by an identical amount included under Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt.

In 2019, gross debt increased by 960 million to 15,445 million, primarily due to an increase of the overdraft position of a notional cash pooling arrangement and the increase of the lease liability. Other gross debt changes, while material, broadly offset each other. The latter included the issuance of 600 million bonds in June, the redemption of $130 million outstanding bonds due in April 2019 and the repurchase and cancellation of 455 million cumulative preferred financing shares.

Ahold Delhaizes net debt was 11,581 million as of December 29, 2019 an increase of 603 million from December 30, 2018. The increase in net debt was mainly the result of the payment of the common stock dividend (1,114 million) and the completion of the 1 billion share buyback program, which more than offset the free cash flow generation (1,843 million). 1 2018 figures have been restated to reflect the impact of the implementation of IFRS 16 Leases. Financial information prior to 2018 has not been restated to reflect the impact of the implementation of IFRS 16 Leases.

Group credit facility Ahold Delhaize has access to a 1.0 billion committed, unsecured, multi-currency and syndicated credit facility. In February 2015, the facility was amended and extended to 2020 with two 1-year extension options. In 2017, the Company exercised its option to extend until 2022.

==============================================================================
INFORME: AHOLD DELHAIZE | PAISES BAJOS | 2023 | Annual report
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: 9 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY) ---
If the currency translation reserve or the cash flow hedging reserve has a negative balance, distributions to the Companys shareholders are restricted to the extent of the negative balance. Of the total equity as of December 31, 2023, 14,755 million, an amount of 1,039 million is non-distributable (January 1, 2023: 1,407 million (restated) out of a total equity of 15,405 million). For more information on the dividends on common shares, see Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.

The currency translation reserve, cash flow hedging reserve and reserve participations are legal reserves that are required by Dutch law. The reserve participations include the increases in net asset value of joint ventures and associates since their first inclusion, less any amounts that can be distributed without legal or other restrictions.

The movements in equity can be specified as follows:

--- zona 2 (seccion: 36 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS) ---
There have been no significant subsequent events.

United States ADUSA Commercial Holdings, Inc. Salisbury North Carolina 100% ADUSA Supply Chain Services, LLC Salisbury North Carolina 100% Ahold Information Services, Inc. Greenville South Carolina 100% Ahold Lease U.S.A., Inc. Quincy Massachusetts 100% Ahold Delhaize USA, Inc. Quincy Massachusetts 100% Ahold U.S.A., Inc. Quincy Massachusetts 100% Delhaize America, LLC Salisbury North Carolina 100% Delhaize US Holding, Inc. Salisbury North Carolina 100% Guiding Stars Licensing Company, LLC Scarborough Maine 100% MAC Risk Management, Inc. Quincy Massachusetts 100% The MollyAnna Company Williston Vermont 100% Retail Business Services LLC Salisbury North Carolina 100% Peapod Digital Labs, LLC Chicago Illinois 100%

JMR Gesto de Empresas de Retalho, SGPS, S.A. Lisbon Portugal 49% P.T. Lion Super Indo Jakarta Indonesia 51%

With respect to the separate financial statements of the Dutch legal entities included in the consolidation, substantially all subsidiaries availed themselves of the exemption laid down in section 403, subsection 1 of Book 2 of the Dutch Civil Code. Pursuant to section 403, Ahold Delhaize has assumed joint and several liability for the debts arising out of the legal acts of these subsidiaries. The determination of which Dutch subsidiaries of Ahold Delhaize, whether significant in the context of this Note or not, make use of the 403 exemption follows from the Dutch trade register. Each of these subsidiaries has filed Ahold Delhaizes 403 declaration with the Dutch trade register. The above significant subsidiaries that make use of the 403 exemption are marked by *.

14 Related party transactions 277

Loss before income taxes (155) (106) Income taxes 5 49 39 Income from subsidiaries and investments in joint ventures after income taxes 7 1,981 2,614 Net income 1,874 2,546

--- zona 3 (seccion: GROUP PERFORMANCE) ---
*At constant rates.

Free cash flow increased year over year by 283 million at constant rates to 2,425 million. The increase was mostly driven by a positive development in working capital, due to improvements in Europe, and the recovery of an outstanding receivable related to an agreement with the Belgian tax authorities, partially offset by a lower operating cash flow and increased net investment.

Net sales over time ( billion)

During 2023, our brands cost of sales continued to increase slightly, as well as other expenses, causing a continued pressure on the underlying operating margin. Nonetheless, our brands also continued to help customers navigate the inflationary environment through their personalized loyalty programs and our Save for Our Customers cost savings program and by leveraging the scale provided by our global portfolio.

Credit rating/outlook Standard & Poors

--- zona 4 (seccion: 30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUM) ---
Liquidity risk Ahold Delhaize views available cash balances and funds from operating activities as its primary sources of liquidity, complemented with access to external sources of funds when deemed to be required. Ahold Delhaize manages short-term liquidity based on projected cash flows. As of December 31, 2023, the Companys liquidity position primarily comprised 2,733 million of cash (including short-term deposits and similar instruments and the current portion of investments in debt instruments, adjusted for cash held under a notional cash pooling arrangement), and the 1.5 billion revolving credit facility, of which nil is drawn.

Offsetting of financial instruments Ahold Delhaize has several financial assets and financial liabilities that are subject to offsetting or enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements.

Cash pool The Company has implemented a cash pool system, allowing a more efficient management of the daily working capital needs of the participating operating entities. The settlement mechanism of the cash pool is provided by an external financial counterparty. The cash pool system exposes the Company to a single net amount with that financial counterparty rather than the gross amount of several current accounts and bank overdraft balances with multiple financial counterparties. From an operational perspective, the balances in the cash pool are netted. However, under the guidance of IAS 32 regarding the offsetting of debit and credit balances for financial reporting purposes, these balances have to be presented on a gross basis on the balance sheet (see Note 20 and Note 26).

--- zona 5 (seccion: ESG STATEMENTS ENVIRONMENTAL) ---
Due to various adjustments, the prior year figures have been restated.

GRI indicator

Note 1: In the prior year, we made corrections in relation to the alignment of the treatment of franchise / affiliate store sales and their food waste in the calculations. However, this late adjustment was not corrected for in the total waste figure for the prior year.

Own indicator: Percentage of own-brand and national-brand shell eggs that are cage free.

Note 2: We have corrected identified errors.

ESG topic

Note 3: Due to the adjustments described in note 1 and note 2 above, the percentage of total waste recycled changed accordingly.

Animal welfare

6 WATER CONSUMPTION Water consumption in our own operations are reported to provide insights into our own water usage.

Note 1: Correction late-entry food waste

Note 3: Adjustment % waste recycled Restated

Note 2: Correction of errors

Performance indicator description1

Total water consumption (thousand m3)2 8,956 8,321

Total waste generated (thousand tonnes) 1,090 (21) 36 1,104

1 The 2023 figure excludes FreshDirect. 2 Minor errors in the water consumption data for 2022 have been corrected, resulting in an increase of 14m3 compared to the prior years reported figure.

Total waste recycled (thousand tonnes) 878 (21) (4) 852

% of waste recycled 81% (3) % 77%

Methodology

1 Adjustments are shown in rounded figures.

GRI indicator

Total water consumed by our brands company-operated stores, DCs and offices during the reporting period.

306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts

Data collection and considerations

306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts

306-3 Waste generated

Water consumption data is collected on an annual basis. Our brands collect water consumption data through supplier invoices or meter readings.

306-4 Waste diverted from disposal

306-5 Waste directed to disposal

If water consumption is not fully known at the time of data collection (i.e., if invoices have not yet been received), we may use estimations, based on three approaches: (1) using the invoice from the same month in the prior year, (2) if the store or DC was not open in the prior year, making an estimation based on the previous month, or (3) if the store or DC was not open in prior months, using an average excluding extreme results of water used by the same store format or DC during that year.

ESG topic

Not applicable. Following the GRI reporting requirements, total waste is not considered to be a material topic for Ahold Delhaize; it is reported voluntarily. However, as food waste is a material topic and is included in the total waste figure, we have included the relevant GRI references. See Materiality assessment for more information.

GRI indicator

Not applicable.

ESG topic

Not applicable. Following the GRI reporting requirements, water is not considered to be a material topic for Ahold Delhaize; it is reported voluntarily. See Materiality assessment for more information.

7 CUSTOMER HEALTH AND NUTRITION We aim to make healthier eating commonplace. By making fresh, nutritious and delicious food available and affordable for everyone, we contribute to healthier communities. Our strong local brands and their broad ranges of products offer fresh inspiration every day.

--- zona 6 (seccion: 30 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUM) ---
Year ended December31, 2023

The ISDA agreements do not meet the criteria for offsetting in the balance sheet. This is because the Company does not currently have a legally enforceable right to offset recognized amounts, because the right to offset is enforceable only on the occurrence of a future event such as a default. ISDAs are considered to be master netting arrangements for IFRS 7 disclosure purposes.

Contractual cash flows

The following table shows the maximum exposure of the Companys financial assets and financial liabilities that are subject to offset or enforceable master netting arrangements and similar agreements for the year ended December 31, 2023.

million

--- zona 7 (seccion: 9 WORKPLACE CONDITIONS CONTINUED) ---
Associate data is collected using calendar years; the data presented here are as at December 31, which coincides with our 2023 financial year.

Collective bargaining For those associates not covered by collective bargaining agreements, our local brands determine their own agreements.

We report on an additional metric: associate turnover with more than 30 contract hours. This metric is considered to give a better view of turnover, as it excludes associates, such as students, who work at our brands as a side job. In 2023, this was 27%, which, again, improved from 2022s value of 30%.

Associate turnover Associate turnover is defined as the number of people who left the company compared to the total number of associates. It includes all turnover, regardless of reason.

GRI indicator

Turnover is calculated based on averages over the year; the data is based on actual data. We see within our brands that, in some cases, associates return several times after a contract has ended. For example, this may be due to the fact that we also employ students, who organize their work around their school schedules.

GRI 2 General disclosures 2-7 Employees

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees

ESG topic

We, therefore, report on an additional metric: associate turnover with more than 30 contract hours. For Ahold Delhaize reporting purposes, the definition from the U.S. government of a full-time associate is used for this metric and thus only includes associates that have a contract with a minimum of 30 working hours per week. This metric is considered to give a better view of turnover, as it excludes associates, such as students, who work at our brands as a side job.

Workplace conditions and Diversity, equity and inclusion

10 DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION We are working hard on our 100/100/100 aspiration to truly engage with associates and represent the brands and businesses in local communities. See also the Cultivate best talent growth driver and the workplace conditions and diversity, equity and inclusion material topics in Environmental, social and governance for more information.

Methodology

We have a process in place where we can map all data to automatically calculate the metrics above, which are based on the monthly personnel submissions by the brands or our global HR system. The outcomes are provided at an aggregate level.

Associates by gender (head count)

Associate data is collected using calendar years; the data presented here are as at December 31, which coincides with our 2023 financial year.

Diversity Gender diversity is reported based upon voluntary disclosure by associates. When associates have not indicated a gender in the source systems or do not associate with either the male or female gender, the associates are reported under the category Other/Unknown.

The allocation between part time and full time is based on contract hours / standard weekly working hours, which can differ per brand. Associates who work less than full time (< one full time equivalent (FTE)) are considered part time. An associate works part time if the associate works less than what is considered as the standard (full time) hours in a brand.

--- zona 8 (seccion: 10 INCOME TAXES CONTINUED) ---
Deferred tax assets, including deferred tax assets for tax loss carryforward positions and tax credit carryforward positions, are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable income will be available against which temporary differences, unused tax losses or unused tax credits can be utilized. The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable income will be available to allow all or part of the assets to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not discounted. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset on the balance sheet when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes relate to income taxes levied by the same fiscal authority. Current income tax assets and liabilities are offset on the balance sheet when there is a legally enforceable right to offset and when the Company intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

The ultimate tax effects of some transactions can be uncertain for a considerable period of time, requiring management to estimate the related current and deferred tax positions. The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions when it is probable that additional taxes will be due or recognizes assets for uncertain tax positions when it is probable that the benefit will flow to the Company and the benefit can be reliably measured. To measure the liability for the uncertain tax position, management determines whether uncertainties need to be considered separately or together based on which approach better predicts the resolution of the uncertainty. The Company also recognizes the liability for either the most likely amount or the expected value (probability weighted average), depending on which method it expects to better predict the resolution.

--- zona 9 (seccion: PAULINE VAN DER MEER MOHR) ---
Appointment effective: April 13, 2022

Other board memberships Chair, Mobico Group plc. non-executive director Compass Limited; senior independent director, Superdry Plc.

Other board memberships Non executive director Extra Space Storage, independent director Neighborly.

0-1 2-5 6-7 8+

We have designed our corporate governance structure to best support our business, meet the needs of our stakeholders and comply with laws and regulations.

The diagram on this page shows Ahold Delhaize's governance structure. A list of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates is included in Note 35 to the consolidated financial statements.

According to our Articles of Association, the Management Board must consist of at least three members. For a more detailed description of the responsibilities and the requirements of the Management Board and the Executive Committee, see the Rules of Procedure of the MB and ExCo in the Governance section of Ahold Delhaizes website at

We are making good progress on this ambition, given the fact that, at the end of 2023, the senior vice president and above female representation was 32% (33 female, 69 male and one who chose not to register their gender), up from 29% (30 female, 72 male and two who chose not to register their gender) at the end of 2022. Representation at the end of 2021 was 26% (27 female and 77 male1). Generally, the Company and its brands aim to reflect the communities they serve, and have a workplace where all voices are heard and valued and where associates find purpose in their work, have equitable access to opportunities, and can grow and contribute to their fullest.

MANAGEMENT BOARD AND EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE The Management Board and Executive Committee together support our business, meet the needs of our stakeholders and ensure we comply with relevant rules and regulations. The members of the Management Board, in principle, attend each Supervisory Board meeting. The members of the Executive Committee attend the Supervisory Board Committee meetings relevant to their respective responsibilities. The Chair of the Supervisory Board and the CEO coordinate and agree on the attendance at Supervisory Board meetings by members of the Executive Committee who are not also members of the Management Board.

This section contains an overview of our corporate governance structure and includes information required under the Dutch Corporate Governance Code 2022 (Dutch Corporate Governance Code).

GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V. (the Company or Ahold Delhaize) is a public company under Dutch law, structured to execute our strategy and to balance local, regional and global decision making in line with our ethical principles and values.

Currently, Ahold Delhaize has a Management Board that is 25% female and an Executive Committee that is 29% female. We recognize this leaves room for improvement, which is reflected in our broad and bold aspiration for diversity, equity and inclusion. In response to the Dutch gender board legislation, Ahold Delhaize defined the sub-top as senior vice president and above, and set an aspiration to achieve one-third female representation by the end of 2025 at the senior vice president and above level.

Ahold Delhaize aspires to be a company that is 100% gender balanced, 100% reflective of the communities served and 100% inclusive. For more information on DE&I at Ahold Delhaize, see Diversity, equity and inclusion.

Governance structure

1 The Sociaal Economische Raad (SER) requires adding associates who wish not to disclose their gender to the underrepresented group. As a result, the SER disclosure differs slightly.

SUPERVISORY BOARD The Supervisory Board is responsible for supervising the Management Board and overseeing the general course of affairs, strategy, operational performance and corporate governance of the Company, and for advising the Management Board and Executive Committee. Ahold Delhaizes Articles of Association require the approval of the Supervisory Board for certain major resolutions by the Management Board, including:

Remuneration On April 13, 2022, Ahold Delhaizes General Meeting of Shareholders adopted the current remuneration policy for Management Board members.

Overall, the Executive Committee concluded that the team functions well. The team composition properly represents the Company in its dimensions of capability, experience, nationality, and tenure, especially with the new addition in 2024 of the CSO role. However, gender balance and cultural diversity remain a point of attention to achieve a true reflection of the Ahold Delhaize DE&I aspiration.

Issuance of shares

Repurchases of shares, and any reduction in

You can find the details of this policy in Remuneration policy. For details on the individual remuneration of Management Board members, see 2023 Remuneration and for information on an aggregated basis, see Note 31 and Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements.

issued and outstanding capital

Allocation of duties within the Management

The atmosphere in the meetings encouraged critical thinking and deliberations were constructive. Although the effectiveness of the decision-making process improved, this remains a point of attention. The Management Board and Executive Committee meeting agendas address an appropriate range of strategic, operational and governance matters, and the offsite meetings allowed for more in-depth discussions.

Significant changes in the identity or the nature

of the Company or its enterprise

The Supervisory Board is responsible for monitoring and assessing its own performance. More detailed information on the Supervisory Board can be found in the Supervisory Board report. The Rules of Procedure of the Supervisory Board are available in the Governance section of Ahold Delhaizes public website at

Committees of the Supervisory Board The Supervisory Board has four committees that are appointed by the Supervisory Board from its own members: the Audit, Finance and Risk Committee; the Governance and Nomination Committee; the Remuneration Committee; and the Health and Sustainability Committee.

Providing training and education for the Executive Committee on sustainability and digitization is essential to stay current with the global transformation in these areas. A number of steps have been taken in 2023, such as the Grounded in Goodness education and technology deep dives, but will remain a priority for 2024.

1 Jolanda Poots-Bijl was appointed at the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders held in July 2023 for a period of four calendar years ending at the annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held in 2027.

Audit, Finance and Risk Committee The Audit, Finance and Risk Committee assists the Supervisory Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility for, among others, the integrity and quality of Ahold Delhaizes financial statements and ESG reporting, financial and non-financial reporting processes, system of internal business and IT controls, risk management and control systems, and significant enterprise risks. The Audit, Finance and Risk Committee determines how the external independent auditor should be involved in the content and publication of financial reports other than the financial statements. The Committee reports to the Supervisory Board annually on its cooperation with the external independent auditor, including on the auditors independence. The Supervisory Board takes these reports into account when deciding on the nomination for the (re)appointment of the external independent auditor.

Health and Sustainability Committee The Health and Sustainability Committee advises the Supervisory Board in relation to the Companys sustainability long-term vision, strategy and target setting. It monitors the Companys performance on sustainability targets and advises on ways to apply innovation to accelerate the achievement of these targets. The Health and Sustainability Committee is responsible for monitoring the Companys talent, leadership and culture development in the field of health and sustainability and assisting the Supervisory Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities for risks related to the topic.

Similarly, each member of the Management Board or the Executive Committee is required to immediately report any (potential) conflict of interest concerning a member of the Management Board or the Executive Committee to the Chair of the Supervisory Board and to the other members of the Management Board or Executive Committee and provide all information relevant to the conflict of interest.

The Committee is also responsible for evaluating the Companys corporate governance and reporting the results to the Supervisory Board, and it assists the Supervisory Board in overseeing risks related to leadership composition and succession, attraction and retention of people and the governance of the Company.

Remuneration Committee The Remuneration Committee advises the Supervisory Board in relation to remuneration of the Supervisory Board and Management Board. These responsibilities include analyzing the possible outcomes of the variable remuneration components and how they may affect the remuneration of the Management Board members, and preparing proposals for the Supervisory Board concerning the remuneration of the Supervisory Board and the remuneration policy for the Management Board to be adopted by the General Meeting. The Remuneration Committee prepares proposals for the Supervisory Board concerning the terms of employment, total compensation and performance criteria and application thereof of the individual members of the Management Board and reviews the terms of remuneration proposed by the CEO for the members of the Executive Committee who are not also members of the Management Board. In addition, the Committee prepares proposals for the Supervisory Board on any share or stock option compensation plans and ensures that the structures of Ahold Delhaizes compensation programs are in line with the Companys strategy, aimed at sustainable long-term value creation, and are applied in a consistent way throughout the organization. The Committee also oversees the total cost of approved compensation programs.

We will record any such facts or transactions in the annual report for the relevant year, with reference to the conflict of interest and a confirmation that we have complied with best practice provisions 2.7.3 and 2.7.4 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. During 2023, no member of the Supervisory Board or the Management Board had a conflict of interest that was of material significance to the Company.

Conflict of interest Each member of the Supervisory Board (other than the Chair) is required to immediately report any (potential) conflict of interest concerning a Supervisory Board member to the Chair of the Supervisory Board and the other members of the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board member with such (potential) conflict of interest must provide the Chair with all relevant information to the conflict of interest.

Governance and NominationCommittee The Governance and Nomination Committee advises the Supervisory Board on the following responsibilities in relation to the members of the Supervisory Board, the Management Board and the Executive Committee: preparing the selection criteria and appointment procedures; periodically evaluating the scope and composition, including diversity, of the three bodies; proposing the profile of the Supervisory Board; periodically assessing the performance of individual members of the three bodies and reporting the results to the Supervisory Board; developing succession planning; proposing the (re-)appointments of members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board; and supervising the Executive Committees policy in relation to the selection and appointment criteria for senior management.

Diversity, equity and inclusion In line with article 2.5.1. of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, Ahold Delhaize has a global DE&I strategic framework that includes three pillars: our people, our culture and our communities as well as our 100/100/100 aspiration. Our ambition is that our brands reflect the communities they serve, provide a workplace where all voices are heard and valued, and where associates find purpose in their work, have equitable access to opportunities, and can grow and contribute to their fullest.

In case the Chair has a potential conflict of interest, he shall immediately report such (potential) conflict to the Vice Chair. The Chair must provide the Vice Chair with all information relevant to the conflict of interest. The Vice Chair will determine whether a reported (potential) conflict of interest qualifies as a conflict of interest.

Locally, each of our brands design, implement and drive their own DE&I strategies tailored to the communities where they live, work and serve. This agile DE&I strategy ensures each brands strategy is relevant to its associates and the markets it serves. Ahold Delhaize aspires to be a company that is 100% gender balanced, 100% reflective of the communities our brands serve and 100% inclusive. In support of our 100% gender balance aspiration, our brands implement strategies, such as creating balanced slates during hiring processes and succession planning to ensure diverse candidate pools.

In support of our 100% inclusion ambition, our brands employ an annual associate engagement survey (AES) as well as other employee listening programs to actively measure cultural aspects of inclusion to see where they are today and identify remaining gaps. Many brands deploy psychological safety training and encourage feedback through tools like the 360 assessment or the Speak Up line, to foster safe environments where associates can speak and share openly. For more information, see Diversity, equity and inclusion and Cultivate best talent.

Cumulative preferred shares In March 1989, the Company entered into an agreement with the Dutch foundation Stichting Continuteit Ahold Delhaize (SCAD), as amended and restated in April 1994, March 1997, December 2001, December 2003 and May 2018 (the Option Agreement). The Option Agreement was designed to, in accordance with the purpose of SCAD under its articles, potentially exercise influence in the event of a public offer or a potential change of control over the Company, to safeguard the interests of the Company and its stakeholders and to potentially avert, to the best of its ability, influences that might conflict with those interests by affecting the Companys continuity, strategy or identity.

Articles of Association Our Articles of Association outline certain of the Companys basic principles relating to corporate governance and organization. The current text of the Articles of Association is available at the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry for Amsterdam and on our public website at

1. Shareholders equity minus the payment required to make the acquisition is not less than the sum of paid-in and called-up capital and any reserves required by Dutch law or Ahold Delhaizes Articles of Association; and

2. Ahold Delhaize and its subsidiaries would not, as a result, hold a number of shares exceeding a total nominal value of 10% of the issued share capital.

COMPLIANCE WITH DUTCH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE Ahold Delhaize complies with the relevant principles and best practices of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code applicable to the Company in 2023, as reported in the Governance section. The Dutch Corporate Governance Code can be found at

The information concerning Ahold Delhaizes diversity policy, as required by article 3a sub d of the Decree, can be found in the Composition of the Management Board and Executive Committee section of this Corporate governance section, the Diversity, equity and inclusion section, as well as in the Composition of the Supervisory Board section in the Supervisory Board report.

The information concerning Ahold Delhaizes risk management and control frameworks relating to the financial reporting process, as required by article 3a sub a of the Decree, can be found in the relevant section under Risk management.

At the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on March 3, 2004, our shareholders consented to apply the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Ahold Delhaize continues to seek ways to improve its corporate governance.

The information regarding the functioning of Ahold Delhaizes General Meeting of Shareholders and the authority and rights of our shareholders, as required by article 3a sub b of the Decree, can be found in the relevant sections under Shares and shareholders rights in this Corporate Governance section.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STATEMENT The Dutch Corporate Governance Code requires companies to publish a statement concerning their approach to corporate governance and compliance with the Code. This is referred to in article 2a of the decree on additional requirements for management reports Besluit inhoud bestuursverslag last amended on July 1, 2022 (the Decree). The information required to be included in this corporate governance statement as described in articles 3, 3a and 3b of the Decree, which are incorporated and repeated here by reference, can be found in the following sections of this Annual Report:

The information required by the Decree Article 10 EU Takeover Directive is included in this Corporate governance section, in the Information about Ahold Delhaize share section, as well as in the notes referred to in these sections or included in the description of any relevant contract.

The information regarding the composition and functioning of Ahold Delhaizes Management Board, Executive Committee and Supervisory Board and its committees, as required by article 3a sub c of the Decree, can be found in the Our Management Board and Executive Committee, Our Supervisory Board and Corporate governance sections as well as in the Supervisory Board report.

The information concerning compliance with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, as required by article 3 of the Decree, can be found in the section Compliance with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code in this Corporate Governance section.

The information concerning the inclusion of the information required by the Decree Article 10 EU Takeover Directive, as required by article 3b of the Decree, can be found in the Decree Article 10 EU Takeover Directive part in this Corporate Governance section.

Dear shareholder,

Following Chief Legal Officer (CLO) and CSO Jan Ernst de Groots decision to retire in 2024, the Company decided to create a dedicated role for Sustainability in the Executive Committee. We are grateful for all that Jan Ernst has done over the past nine years to structure and support the Companys strong governance, and, to support our health and sustainable strategy. Linn Evans, currently CLO and General Counsel at Ahold Delhaize USA, will assume the role of CLO for Ahold Delhaize. I am delighted we were able to bring another talented leader from within the company for this role. We are also happy that Alex Holt, currently CSO and Executive Committee member at Woolworths Group, Australia and New Zealand, will assume the role of CSO on Ahold Delhaizes Executive Committee.

Ahold Delhaizes healthy and sustainable approach remained at the Companys heart, and Im proud to see this continued focus on doing the right thing for people and planet. Making sure what is healthy and sustainable is accessible to all is particularly important during times of high inflation and economic hardship for many consumers. You can read more about how they did this in Elevate healthy and sustainable.

Our 2023 Supervisory Board Report looks back on another year of operating in a turbulent environment.

In 2023, the Health and Sustainability Committee did a deep dive on health, to explore how the brands can advise and encourage customers toward healthier habits, while ensuring they take local market circumstances into account. Because we believe this will be an increasingly important topic, the Supervisory Board will follow a tailormade education program on sustainability and related topics in 2024.

Turning to the Supervisory Board, I was honored to be reappointed as Chair, and look forward to continuing to provide guidance and support to Ahold Delhaizes leadership team. Bill McEwan and Katie Doyle were also reappointed for another term, and we remain focused on succession planning for our own team, to ensure that we continue to be able to support and advise the Company in the best way possible.I would like to express my gratitude to Ren Hooft Graafland for his valuable contributions over the years, as his term of appointment will come to an end at the upcoming AGM.

We continued to focus on solid succession planning during the year and reinforcing the strength of Ahold Delhaizes leadership teams. I was pleased that CEO Frans Muller was reappointed at the 2023 AGM. With his deep business experience and strategic acumen, Frans has built a strong and diverse leadership team and is driving the Companys performance both in financial results and in areas like sustainability and DE&I. At that same meeting, JJ Fleeman was appointed to succeed Kevin Holt as CEO Ahold Delhaize USA. JJs successful 30-year career within the U.S. businesses is a testament to how the Company provides opportunities for great talent, and we are happy to have been able to find a leader for this role from within our brands.

To ensure the Company can continue to meet the demands of this challenging macro and competitive environment, Ahold Delhaize is in the process of refreshing its priorities. During 2023, the Companys management team took the Supervisory Board along on the journey to evaluate its operations and strategy. As a Supervisory Board, we were closely involved in providing advice and guidance. We had regular meetings during which we gave input and challenged the Management Board and Executive Committee on numerous topics, ensuring they had looked at every aspect of the strategy refresh from a variety of different viewpoints. I appreciate the strong spirit of collaboration and two-way conversation we shared. I believe that this strategy refresh, of which a full update will be shared with the external market during our Strategy Day in May, will set the Company on the path to future success during the next phase of Ahold Delhaizes growth.

On behalf of the Supervisory Board,

Throughout 2023, management continued to build on our Leading Together Strategy to drive omnichannel growth, elevate healthy and sustainable, cultivate best talent and strengthen operational excellence.

Peter Agnefjll

In accordance with provision 2.1.5 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, Ahold Delhaizes diversity policy for the Supervisory Board states that we aim to represent the diversity of the markets and communities we serve, achieving gender balance and ethnic and generational diversity. It is the ambition to reach 50/50 gender balance in the Supervisory Board, similar to Ahold Delhaizes ambition for gender balance at every level.

The Supervisory Board took a structured approach to address these priorities, which included scheduling relevant knowledge sessions, deep-dives and informal meetings. The Supervisory Board prioritized maintaining a balance in our discussions between topics related to gaining information, maintaining oversight and ensuring compliance, and topics related to shortterm and long-term strategy. Throughout the year, the Company maintained continued engagement with multiple stakeholders on ESG topics.

Currently, four Supervisory Board members are female and five are male, and the Supervisory Board comprises five different nationalities. We recognize this leaves room for improvement, which is reflected in our broad and bold aspiration for DE&I and taken into account in the Supervisory Board succession planning.

Continuing to prioritize sustainability matters and digitization,

Ongoing education It is essential that the Supervisory Board members are knowledgeable about how Ahold Delhaize and its affiliated businesses are run, understand trends in the markets we operate in and have the specific expertise needed to carry out their duties, including in the field of sustainability and digitization. As part of ongoing education, the Company organized several deep dives for the Supervisory Board in 2023. These deep dives gave the Supervisory Board the opportunity to get acquainted with senior officers and key talents of the Company and its great local brands and, in turn, gave these associates exposure to the Supervisory Board. The deep dives included topics such as scope 3, Ahold Delhaizes implementation of the CSRD and related challenges it is facing, psychological safety and the Companys use of artificial intelligence, as well as multiple sessions on the brands.

After the General Meeting of Shareholders on April 12, 2023, Bala Subramanian stepped down from the Supervisory Board. At the same meeting, shareholders reappointed (i) Peter Agnefjll for a term of four years, given his successful and forwardlooking leadership, strategic insight and commitment. (ii) Katie Doyle for a term of four years, given her extensive experience in the field of (omnichannel) retail, her expertise and continued focus on healthy living and sustainability, and her global experience, and (iii) Bill McEwan for a term of one year, considering his extensive executive experience in North American retail. With the reappointment of Bill McEwan, we withdrew the voluntary approach introduced at the time of the merger between Ahold and Delhaize Group in 2016, under which prior tenure of Supervisory Board members on the board of Delhaize Group was taken into account when deciding on their tenure at Ahold Delhaize. The General Meeting of Shareholders also appointed Julia Vander Ploeg for a period of four years, given that she is a seasoned international executive with a background in digital and e-commerce.

Finding a balance in the level of involvement,

Priorities for 2023 included, among others, a need to invest sufficient quality time in discussing shortterm and long-term strategy-related topics and, together with management, reviewing the Company's operating framework. We determined the Supervisory Board meetings could become more effective by enhancing the balance between time for presentations and time for discussion. We also found engagement with stakeholders, especially around the Companys ESG agenda, to be a priority.

Furthermore, the Supervisory Board acknowledges the (new) requirement pursuant to best practice provision 2.2.6 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code that the evaluation should take place periodically under the supervision of an external expert. Such evaluation will be done periodically.

Supervisory Board profile

GENERAL BUSINESS MANAGEMENT INTERNATIONAL RETAIL CONSUMER GOODS ONLINE/DIGITAL FINANCE SOCIAL/ EMPLOYMENT SUSTAINABILITY DISCLOSURE MARKETING IT

Reappointment schedule Supervisory Board

note that, throughout this process, doing the right thing for people and planet, sustainable long-term value creation and the interest of all stakeholders were integral to the evaluation.

healthy eating, and, simultaneously, the challenges of affordability, time to consciously shop and cook, and a lack of information to make healthier choices. This provides a direct opportunity for the Ahold Delhaize brands to make healthy food affordable and accessible for all. The Supervisory Board is pleased to see that local brands actively embed this aim in their day-to-day business, with new initiatives continuously being undertaken across the Company.

January: During a meeting in January, the Supervisory Board discussed several strategic business topics. Upon the recommendation of the Governance and Nomination Committee, the Supervisory Board approved the nomination of Julia Vander Ploeg for appointment as member of the Supervisory Board.

The Management Board ensured an open dialogue with the Supervisory Board in relation to the various strategic M&A projects announced in 2023. In supporting Delhaize management in their decision to transform their business and strengthen its position in the competitive Belgian retail market, the Supervisory Board paid specific attention to the progress made and effect on all stakeholders (both financial and non-financial) seen throughout the year. The Supervisory Board closely followed the process leading up to and approved the acquisition of the local Romanian supermarket chain Profi, which is subject to regulatory approval. The Supervisory Board also closely followed and supervised the FreshDirect developments throughout the year and supported managements decision to divest the business to Getir after an extensive review of the U.S. online operations.

February: During a two-day meeting, the Supervisory Board discussed and approved Ahold Delhaizes 2022 Q4/full year results, the dividend proposal, the issuance of a sustainability-linked bond to underscore the Companys commitment to its healthy and sustainable approach and Ahold Delhaizes health and sustainability targets for 2023-2025.

The Supervisory Board regularly discussed and evaluated the succession plans for both the Management Board and Supervisory Board, with reference to expiring terms. This resulted in the reappointment for additional terms of Peter Agnefjll for four years, Bill McEwan for one year, and Katie Doyle four years, and the appointment of Julia Vander Ploeg for a period of four years at the AGM in 2023. Following further succession planning in 2023, and looking forward, the Supervisory Board resolved to nominate Helen Weir and Frank van Zanten for reappointment for additional terms of four years each at the AGM in 2024, in line with their valuable contributions to the Supervisory Board. In addition, the Supervisory Board resolved to nominate Bill McEwan for reappointment for an additional two years in light of his extensive retail experience in North America and his valuable contributions as member and Vice Chair of the Supervisory Board. These proposed reappointments will ensure a strong foundation for continuity of knowledge retention within the Supervisory Board, given how these members different backgrounds and areas of expertise compliment each other. The importance of DE&I in succession-planning discussions was regularly emphasized by both the Supervisory Board and the Management Board. Recognizing its value in driving results and reflecting the communities served by the Company's brands, the boards consistently assessed opportunities to enhance their performance in this area.

The Supervisory Board further discussed the 2022 results on Ahold Delhaizes health and sustainability KPIs and various strategic topics, including a post-investment review for the second half of 2022, and received an update on Ahold Delhaizes Technology function.

The Supervisory Board focused on a number of key topics and challenges during 2023. The Supervisory Board and management regularly discussed opportunities to ensure that the vision and strategy of the Company drive sustainable long-term value creation. The topics discussed included the implications and challenges of the current economic climate, geopolitical challenges, violence, social unrest and the effects of inflation on the Companys business and on that of the brands in their specific markets.

Upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Governance Committee, the Supervisory Board approved the motions to nominate Bill McEwan for reappointment for a period of one year, and to nominate Katie Doyle for reappointment for a period of four years.

These regular updates and dialogues on strategic matters enabled the Supervisory Board to provide guidance and oversight and challenge the Management Board on the strategic value of its plans. These interactions ensured that the interests of all stakeholders were firmly embedded in the decision-making processes.

For the past four years, our Leading Together strategy has provided a solid framework as we continue to evolve our business model to serve customers omnichannel shopping journeys and achieve strong results. Building on this strategy, and to ensure the Company can continue to meet future demands, management is in the process of refreshing Ahold Delhaizes strategic priorities to adapt to changes in the macro and competitive environment. Throughout 2023, the Management Board and Executive Committee ensured that the Supervisory Board was taken along through the process and that there was an open and transparent dialogue with the Supervisory Board to evaluate the companys operations and strategy. The Supervisory Board is pleased to

Upon the recommendation of the Remuneration Committee, the Supervisory Board approved the Companys performance and short-term incentive multiplier for 2022 and the 2023 salary adjustments for the Executive Committee members.

During 2023, the Supervisory Board discussed and continued to challenge management on its healthy and sustainable approach. At several meetings, the Supervisory Board, through its Health and Sustainability Committee, discussed how Ahold Delhaize can further contribute to making the food system more sustainable and healthier for consumers. Ahold Delhaize has the ambition to lead towards a more sustainable and healthy food system, while also considering that our brands customer base is highly diverse and multi-faceted. For instance, we see a generally positive attitude among customers towards

April: The Supervisory Board received a detailed update on the transformation in Belgium and the FreshDirect development, as well as ongoing strategic projects. Based on the recommendation of the Governance and Nomination Committee, the Supervisory Board also discussed and approved the new compositions of the various committees. In addition, the Supervisory Board prepared itself for the AGM.

NUMBER OF MEETINGS: HELD ATTENDED HELD ATTENDED HELD ATTENDED HELD ATTENDED HELD ATTENDED

June: During a three-day meeting in Chicago, in the U.S., the Supervisory Board visited a wide variety of retailers as well as PDL. The Supervisory Board and Management Board discussed various strategy-related topics during these days, including the strategy refresh, the FreshDirect development, and a post-investment review for the first half of 2023, and received an Ahold Delhaize USA supply chain update.

INDEPENDENCE The Supervisory Board confirms that, during 2023, as well as on the date of publication of this report, Supervisory Board members were independent within the meaning of provision 2.1.8 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code.

Audit, Finance and Risk Committee The CEO, the CFO, the CLO, the Senior Vice President Internal Audit, the Senior Vice President Tax and Accounting and representatives of the external independent auditor are invited to, and attend, the Audit, Finance and Risk Committee meetings.

The Audit, Finance and Risk Committee and its Chair met with the Senior Vice President Internal Audit and the external independent auditor as often as was considered necessary. The Audit, Finance and Risk Committee had a private meeting with the new external independent auditor in February 2024, as this was deemed a logical point in time to discuss and evaluate the independent external auditors first year audit over the financial year 2023.

In 2023, the Audit, Finance and Risk Committee held five meetings. The attendance rate of the members of this Committee was 100%. Throughout the year, the Committee closely monitored the financial closing process and reviewed the publication of quarterly results. The Committee received several updates on the risk profile of the Company and its financial position. During every quarterly meeting, the Committee received an update on tax and accounting; internal audit; internal control; governance, risk management and compliance; ethics; product integrity; asset protection and business continuity; occupational health and safety; information and cybersecurity; data privacy; and litigation. The Committee also paid specific attention to ESG reporting topics such as the CSRD, sustainability due diligence, CSRD implementation and double materiality assessment. The Committee discussed trends, incidents and incident response. The Committee also discussed and reviewed with the external auditor the annual external audit plan, the findings based on their performed procedures per quarter as well as their annual board reporting, including their observations on the internal control framework on Controls over Financial Reporting, IT and ESG-related controls. During its meeting in November, the Committee assessed the functioning of the Internal Audit function, based on a survey that was filled out by key officers of the Company who frequently interact with the Internal Audit department. The Internal Audit function is assessed at least every five years by an independent third party based on the Institute of Internal Auditors International Professional Practices Framework.

The Supervisory Board has determined that Ren Hooft Graafland and Helen Weir are Audit Committee Financial Experts within the meaning of provision 2.1.4 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code.

Governance and Nomination Committee In 2023, the Committee held five meetings to which the CEO and the CHRO, among others, were invited. In addition, the Committee held five private meetings. The attendance rate of the members of this Committee was 96%. The Committee evaluated the performance of the members of the Supervisory Board and the Executive Committee and recommended approval of the 2023 goals for the members of the Management Board and the Executive Committee. The Committee received several updates on succession and talent planning and DE&I. Together with management, the Committee reflected on the outcome of the AES.

Remuneration Committee In 2023, the Committee held five meetings to which the CEO and the CHRO, among others, were invited to attend. In addition, the Committee held three private meetings. The attendance rate of the members of the Committee was 100%. The Committee extensively considered and discussed the incentive design approach for 2023, taking into account the view of all relevant key stakeholders, both internally and externally. The Committee discussed and supported the salary recommendations for members of the Management Board and the Executive Committee, as well as the newly appointed Executive Committee members starting in 2024, and advised the Supervisory Board on the 2023 short-term and long-term incentive targets. The Committee also reviewed and discussed the remuneration benchmarks for the Management Board and Executive Committee.

Health and Sustainability Committee During 2023, the Committee held four meetings. The attendance rate of its members was 90%. During these meetings, the Committee received a global update of the health and sustainability landscape, including the expectations of customers, associates, investors and other stakeholders. The Committee regularly reviewed the Companys performance against the four main KPIs of the Healthy and Sustainable targets healthy sales, food waste, GHG emissions and sustainable packaging and encouraged management to explore whether more could be done. The Committee provided recommendations to management and the Supervisory Board after discussing and challenging the content and ambition level of the proposed targets for 2024, 2025 and 2026. In September, the Committee conducted an in-depth discussion on Ahold Delhaizes health approach, focusing on the brands role in helping customers make healthier choices.

The Supervisory Board feels it has received sufficient information and time to carry out its duties towards the Company and all its stakeholders, and was able to support Management during another challenging year, in which the Company continued to help customers and communities to eat well, save time and live better, while, at the same time, focusing on delivering strong financial results and addressing topics on the forefront of society.

In addition, the Governance and Nomination Committee provided guidance to the Supervisory Board on various matters related to the selection and appointment of members of the Supervisory Board, Management Board and Executive Committee. This included evaluating the composition and diversity of the three bodies on a regular basis, proposing the profile of the Supervisory Board, assessing the performance of individual members of the three bodies and reporting the results to the Supervisory Board, creating succession plans, proposing appointments or reappointments of members of the Management Board and Supervisory Board, and overseeing the Executive Committee's policy on selecting and appointing senior management.

See the Remuneration report for more information on the remuneration of the Management and Supervisory Boards.

Most of all, the Supervisory Board would like to express its gratitude to associates and management of the Company and its great local brands for their passion and dedication in delivering on Ahold Delhaizes promises to customers and all its other stakeholders.

Ahold Delhaize has a diverse portfolio of brands, geographic footprint and business structure. Because of this, it is critically important that we manage risks in a proactive and responsible way to ensure we can deliver on our Leading Together strategy.

The global GRC Committee is responsible for reviewing Ahold Delhaizes GRC actions, issues and events. The GRC Committee is chaired by the CLO and (i) advises the Management Board and Executive Committee on matters concerning the GRC Framework, including an overall GRC vision and strategy, (ii) oversees activities to develop and maintain a fit-for-purpose GRC Framework and (iii) engages with Ahold Delhaizes senior management on important developments in the context of governance, risk and compliance.

Governance, Risk Management and Compliance Framework

GOVERNANCE, RISK MANAGEMENT AND COMPLIANCE Our GRC Framework, which has been established based on our values and ethical principles, is tailored to our structure and designed to respond to the dynamic needs of our brand-centric business. It gives our management a transparent view of the risks we take, face and manage and that have a strategic impact on our great local brands and our global organization.

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT Through our ERM program, which is embedded in the execution of our strategy, the leadership of each of the brands and global functions review their strategic, operational, financial, regulatory and ESG risks, as well as their related mitigating actions, twice per year. Our Executive Committee performs a semi-annual review of all the risks reported by the brands and the outcome is aggregated into an ERM report that is presented to the Management Board and Supervisory Board, as required by the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Ahold Delhaizes ERM program contributes to the formation of policies, procedures and controls, the scope of internal audit activities, and the business planning and performance process.

RISK APPETITE Our risk appetite is defined by our Management Board and Supervisory Board and is integrated into the businesses through our strategy, global policies, procedures, controls and budgets. Our appetite for each risk is determined by considering key opportunities and potential threats to achieving our strategic, operational, financial, compliance, and ESG objectives and can be categorized as follows:

Strategic risks originate from trends, developments or events that could prevent us from executing and realizing our strategic objectives.

Ahold Delhaize has a diverse portfolio of brands, geographic footprint and business structure. Because of this, it is critically important that we manage risks in a proactive and responsible way to ensure we can deliver on our Leading Together strategy.

Risk appetite: average-above average

We use fact-based analysis that derives insights from our different markets and brands to support our strategic decision-making process in a way that considers the financial, economic, social and political developments that may impact our ability to achieve our strategic objectives.

Operational risks include unforeseen incidents that could result from failures in internal processes or systems, human error or adverse external events and could negatively impact the day-to-day operation of our business.

Ahold Delhaize, due to the complex and diverse nature of our business and supply chain, is subject to a range of operational risks. We strive to minimize the likelihood of business disruptions and the related impact of operational failures.

Risk appetite: low

We establish and manage a GRC Framework with global policies that regulate the achievement of our objectives at local and global level. We constantly review and invest in our structure and processes to ensure they are fit for purpose and address any identified operational risk.

Financial risks include uncertainty of financial returns on investments, reduction in liquidity, erosion of profits, potential financial losses due to financing policies, and other external factors such as the macroeconomic environment, unreliability of suppliers, economic restrictions and reduction of the customer base.

Ahold Delhaize has a prudent financial strategy focused on maintaining our solid investment-grade credit rating. We are averse to any risks that could jeopardize the integrity of our financial reporting. Our financial risk management, risk appetite and sensitivities are further detailed in Note 30 of the consolidated financial statements.

Risk appetite: low

COMPLIANCE RISKS Our approach

Compliance risks relate to unanticipated failures to comply with applicable laws and regulations as well as our own policies and procedures.

At Ahold Delhaize, our values are an essential part of our strategic framework. We strive to behave according to our values as we go about our daily work. One of our values is integrity, which means that the Company and all its associates do the right thing to earn customers trust. We strive for full compliance with laws and regulations and with our policies and procedures everywhere we do business.

Risk appetite: very low

ESG RISKS Our approach

ESG risks concern developments, trends and events related to environmental, social and governance matters, including both physical and transition risks related to climate change and the impact of ESG stakeholder expectations on our strategy and performance.

Our approach to ESG starts with our efforts to better understand the world we live in, the challenges we face in the long, medium and short term, and what our stakeholders expect of us. Using this knowledge, we determine the topics where we have, or can have, the most impact or that impact us the most.

Risk appetite: average

We set ourselves targets and commitments around ESG topics and monitor our performance against a range of KPIs. For more details, see Environmental, Social and Governance.

Reporting Each of the businesses is required to maintain and manage a sound internal control environment with robust policies, procedures and controls and a strong financial discipline. The control framework is regularly monitored by our second line of defense through testing activities and the results are reported to brand and global GRC committees as well as to the Audit and Finance Committee.

Three lines of defense model

Monitoring and assurance A key element of our GRC framework is monitoring and assurance. We use a comprehensive business planning and performance review process to monitor the Companys performance. This process covers the adoption of strategy, budgeting and the reporting of current and projected results. We assess business performance according to both financial and non-financial (including sustainability) targets. In order to meet business needs and the requirements of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, we have a Group-wide management certification process in place, which requires that the executive management team members at each of the reporting entities send letters of representation to the Financial Disclosure Committee on a quarterly basis. These letters confirm whether the reporting entities follow Ahold Delhaizes Code of Ethics, policies on fraud prevention and detection, accounting and internal control standards, and disclosure requirements.

Both our Risk & Controls and Internal Audit functions help to ensure that we maintain and improve the integrity, the design and the operation of our system of risk management and internal control. Internal Audit undertakes regular riskbased, independent and objective audits. These functions also monitor the effectiveness of corrective actions undertaken by management.

With respect to financial reporting based on the current state of affairs, it is justified that the financial reporting is prepared on a going concern basis and management has assessed whether the risk management and control systems provide reasonable assurance that the 2023 financial statements do not contain any material misstatements. This assessment was based on the criteria set out in COSO: Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 and our internal control framework. It included tests of the design and operating effectiveness of entity-level controls, transactional controls at significant locations and relevant IT general controls. Any control weaknesses not fully remediated at yearend were evaluated.

The 2023 financial statements included in this

--- zona 10 (seccion: ELEVATE HEALTHY AND SUSTAINABLE TARGET 2023 RESULT) ---
Source: Flywheel Retail Insights (various reports in 2023; the data for 2021-2023 has been restated by Flywheel; new methodology excludes services and B2B)

Overall consumer spending increased in 2023, although consumer behavior is diverging and somewhat ambiguous. One segment of consumers is looking to cut costs by saving more money on food and other categories. Another segment is shifting to higher-end options in categories such as travel and grocery. A similar trend can be observed in consumer preferences. While some consumers are increasingly focused on buying sustainable products, at the same time, the inflationary environment is leading other consumers to worry that these products will become unaffordable for them in the near

Jan-

==============================================================================
INFORME: DEUTSCHE BÖRSE | ALEMANIA | 2023 | Annual report
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: ) ---
Dealing with the tax positions of Deutsche Brse AG and other tax issues

Dealing with the ESG reporting, particularly the planned implementation of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive

Statutory auditors: Obtaining the statement of independence from the external auditor and monitoring the external auditors independence; issuing the engagement letter to the external auditor for the audit of the annual and consolidated financial statements and the integrated combined management

--- zona 2 (seccion: ) ---
Deutsche Brse:

Software Solutions (SimCorp & Axioma): Rising demand for holistic Software as a Service (SaaS) and Business Process as a Service (BPaaS) investment management solutions, where customers can select the services they need along the investment management value chain and obtain them individually and efficiently Increasing importance of the buy-side in the capital markets and general growth of this customer group Customer desire for a neutral provider of integrated investment management software, including risk management and analytics solutions, which is also internationally competitive Cost pressure from regulation and technological advances are leading to consolidation among providers of investment management software, and increasing demand from customers for an integrated offering ESG & Index (ISS/STOXX): Increasing demand for an integrated offering of index and ESG products and services that is internationally competitive Growing need for high-quality ESG data, research, ratings and benchmark indices due to the growing number of passively managed funds (ETFs) Growing need for high-quality ESG data, ratings and research on the part of active asset managers and investors as a result of increasing competitive pressure to outperform lower-cost ETFs Increasing regulation and reporting obligations for companies, investors and funds, such as CSRD and SFDR, which increase the need for market knowledge, ESG data, market analysis and research Synergy effects from the merger with SimCorp & Axioma and ISS & STOXX by pooling competences and distribution activities across products, as well as greater business expansion in North America

Fundamental information about the Group

--- zona 3 (seccion: B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES) ---
Takeover-related disclosures

In the reporting year, the Supervisory Board reviewed the specific targets at the recommendation of the Nomination Committee and refined them, so that the competences Strategy and Sustainability are shown separately in the qualification matrix from this reporting year onwards. In this way, the Supervisory Board has made the qualification matrix even more transparent, and in particular it also shows in which ESG areas the respective Supervisory Board members have sustainability experience. The Supervisory Board, supported by the Nomination Committee, also examined the targets for the overall board and for the individual members and confirmed that they had been met.

Consolidated financial statements/notes

--- zona 4 (seccion: B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES) ---
Deutsche Brse AGs equity interests in subsidiaries and associates included in the consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023 are presented in the list of shareholdings in note 34.

Remuneration report

Further information

--- zona 5 (seccion: ) ---
In the course of the latest update to our strategy in the context of Horizon 2026, we have modernised our dividend policy. We have adjusted the range within which we distribute a dividend, which is now set at 30 to 40 per cent of profits. This leads on seamlessly from our performance in recent years and takes the further expected significant profit growth into account. And for the first time, we are also promising you that the dividend per share will go up every year. So for 2023, we are proposing a dividend of 3.80 per share. This is 6 per cent more than in the previous year and represents around 40 per cent of our profits. Share buybacks are now also part of our capital allocation strategy again. We already started in early 2024 and will be returning the record sum of 1 billion to you this year: 700 million via the dividend and 300 million via share buybacks.

Investment Management Solutions (IMS). This comprises the software and analytics business of SimCorp and Axioma, as well as the index, data and sustainability business of ISS STOXX. IMS is our new strategic cornerstone, with great potential for organic growth and strong recurring revenues. It enables us to address the buy side, i.e. institutional investors, as direct customers. This is a market with above-average, secular growth. Third: we areexpanding our digital platforms for existing and new asset classes. The partnership with Google Cloud that we also initiated last year plays a crucial role here.

Consolidated financial statements/notes

Remuneration report

Further information

--- zona 6 (seccion: B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES) ---
Understanding of Deutsche Brse Groups structure

Understanding of sustainability matters as relevant to Deutsche Brse AG

Understanding of the members own position and responsibilities

--- zona 7 (seccion: CAGR1) ---
Executive and Supervisory Board

Other material remuneration programmes in the context of acquisitions

ISS Employee Incentive Programme (EIP) An employee incentive programme has been set up for selected managers at ISS, which enables a long-term remuneration component in the form of virtual shares in ISS. The programme is accounted for as share-based payments. The amounts awarded to the beneficiaries are intended to reflect the economic development of ISS. The EIP contains a time-based and a performance-based component. The programme will be settled in the first quarter 2024 with shares in Deutsche Brse AG and is accounted for according to the rules for equity settlement.

Qontigo Management Incentive Programme (MIP)

--- zona 8 (seccion: ) ---
Consolidated financial statements/notes

Remuneration report

The financial year 2023 was challenging for the European fund industry. On the one hand, fund prices profited from higher European equities indices than in the previous year. On the other hand, higher interest rates resulted in outflows from actively managed funds. On balance, the value of assets under custody was roughly the same as the previous year. The market environment also had a slightly negative impact on the number of securities settled. Net revenue from fund settlement was therefore only slightly up on the previous year.

Further information

--- zona 9 (seccion: B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES) ---
have any material impact on the Groups financial performance or financial position.

IAS 12 Pillar II Model Rules In October 2021, more than 135 countries agreed to introduce a global minimum tax rate for multinational groups with consolidated annual sales of at least 750 million as part of the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS). The reform project known as Pillar II Model Rules pursues the goal of ensuring effective minimum taxation of profits of affected multinational corporations at 15 per cent per jurisdiction. The aim is to limit international tax competition and ensure fair and appropriate taxation.

Consolidated financial statements/notes

--- zona 10 (seccion: B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES) ---
The IASB issued the following new or amended standards and interpretations, which were not applied in the consolidated financial statements, because endorsement by the EU was still pending or the application was not mandatory. The new or amended standards and interpretations must be applied for financial years beginning on or after the respective effective date. Even though early application may be permitted for some standards, Deutsche Brse Group does not usually use any early application options.

Remuneration report

Further information

==============================================================================
INFORME: ANHEUSER-BUSCH INBEV | BELGICA | 2020 | Annual report
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: CITY PILOTS) ---
#togetherforbetter

Road Safety

Our ambition

Contribute to the UN Sustainable Development Goal (SDGs) of reducing road traffic injuries and deaths by 50% by 2030.

In addition, in January 2018, we announced a two-year partnership with the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR), with the purpose of making the methodology developed in Brazil available to any local government worldwide. Together in 2019, we launched the Management Practices for Safer Roads Toolkit, in which UNITAR improved our methodology by including its trainings. In January of 2020, we renewed our partnership with UNITAR for two more years at the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos, Switzerland, so the methodology could be part of its curriculum in 20 training centers around the world. We have continued to make significant progress on our Road Safety Toolkit with new translations of the toolkit and the introduction of an app.

--- zona 2 (seccion: HEDGING RESERVES) ---
As per 1 January 2019 480 (60) 76 494 Change in fair value of hedging instrument recognized in OCI 92 16 - 107 Reclassified to profit or loss / cost of inventory (398) 162 32 (204) As per 31 December 2019 174 117 107 397

The following financial assets and liabilities are subject to offsetting, enforceable master netting agreements and similar agreements:12

Other offsetting

Other offsetting

30. Operating leases

--- zona 3 (seccion: 8.1.2. REMUNERATION POLICY OF THE DIRECTORS) ---
RSU Plan

As from 2019, the share-based component of the directors remuneration is paid under the form of Restricted Stock Units. Under this plan, which was approved by the companys annual shareholders meeting on 24 April 2019, the company may grant Restricted Stock Units corresponding to a fixed value in euro to the members of its Board, as part of the fixed remuneration for the exercise of their duties. The granting and vesting of the Restricted Stock Units are not subject to performance criteria. The RSU Plan therefore qualifies as fixed remuneration, as recommended by the 2020 Belgian Corporate Governance Code.

Such Restricted Stock Units vest after five years and, upon vesting, entitle their holders to one AB InBev share per Restricted Stock Unit (subject to any applicable withholdings).

Contrary to the soft law recommendation of the 2020 Belgian Corporate Governance Code, the shares delivered to directors upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units are not subject to a lock-up of three years after the date of the delivery and one year after the date of departure of the relevant director. However, the five-year vesting period of the Restricted Stock Units fosters a sustainable and long-term commitment of the directors to shareholder value creation that addresses the goal of the 2020 Belgian Corporate Governance Code.

C. Other

--- zona 4 (seccion: TANZANIA) ---
Name and registered office of fully consolidated companies

UNITED STATES ANHEUSER-BUSCH COMPANIES, LLC. - One Busch Place - St. Louis, MO 63118 100.00% ANHEUSER-BUSCH INTERNATIONAL, INC. - One Busch Place - St. Louis, MO 63118 100.00% ANHEUSER-BUSCH PACKAGING GROUP, INC. - One Busch Place - St. Louis, MO 63118 100.00% ANHEUSER-BUSCH, LLC One Busch Place, St. Louis, Mo. 63118 100.00% ANHEUSER-BUSCH NORTH AMERICAN HOLDING CORPORATION - C/O THE CORPORATION TRUST COMPANY INC. - 1209 Orange Street - DE 19801 Wilmington

METAL CONTAINER CORPORATION, INC. One Busch Place, St. Louis, Mo. 63118 50.10%

--- zona 5 (seccion: CITY PILOTS) ---
Our approach

We have experience and expertise serving beer drinkers and consumers around the world. We are confident that there is an opportunity for no- and low-alcohol beers, as well as other beverages, to satisfy emerging consumer trends connected with health and well-being, and align them with our agenda that seeks to reduce harmful consumption. Our approach involves gaining insights relating to consumer preferences, developing, testing, and refining products, building the appropriate supply chains and distributions to put those products in front of consumers, and delivering marketing campaigns that attract consumer interest.

Our progress & lessons learned

--- zona 6 (seccion: NON-RECURRING ITEMS) ---
Items of income or expense which do not occur regularly as part of the normal activities of the company.

The term normalized refers to performance measures (EBITDA, EBIT, Profit, EPS, effective tax rate) before non-recurring items and profit from discontinued operations. Non-recurring items are items of income or expense which do not occur regularly as part of the normal activities of the company and which warrant separate disclosure because they are important for the understanding of the underlying results of the company due to their size or nature. AB InBev believes that the communication and explanation of normalized measures is essential for readers of its financial statements to understand fully the sustainable

performance of the company. Normalized measures are additional measures used by management and should not replace the measures determined in accordance with IFRS as an indicator of the companys performance.

--- zona 7 (seccion: COMMODITY PRICE RISK) ---
The tables below show the estimated impact that changes in the price of the commodities, for which AB InBev held material derivative exposures as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, would have on the equity reserves.12

Aluminum 14.96% 177 (177) Sugar 31.48% 23 (23) Energy 47.08% 95 (95) Corn 32.84% 52 (52) Wheat 25.30% 21 (21) Rice 46.17% 35 (35) Plastic 26.74% 13 (13) XX

Aluminum 21.78% 312 (312) Sugar 29.73% 16 (16) Energy 25.86% 66 (66) Corn 21.74% 42 (42) Wheat 30.30% 6 (6) Rice 22.64% 47 (47) Plastic 24.03% 14 (14)

AB InBev enters into equity swap derivatives to hedge the price risk on its shares in connection with its share-based payments programs, as disclosed in Note 26 Share-based Payments. AB InBev also hedges its exposure arising from shares issued in connection with the Modelo and SAB combination (see also Note 11 Finance cost and income). These derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting and the changes in fair value are recorded in the profit or loss.

--- zona 8 (seccion: CAPITAL RESOURCES AND EQUITY) ---
Antitrust and competition laws and changes in such laws or in the interpretation and enforcement thereof, as well as being subject to regulatory scrutiny, could affect AB InBev's business or the businesses of its subsidiaries. For example, in connection with AB InBevs previous acquisitions, various regulatory authorities have imposed (and may impose) conditions with which AB InBev is required to comply. The terms and conditions of certain of such authorizations, approvals and/or clearances required, among other things, the divestiture of the companys assets or businesses to third parties, changes to the companys operations, or other restrictions on the companys ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on AB InBev's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, such conditions could diminish substantially the synergies and advantages which the company expects to achieve from such future transactions.

AB InBev operates its business and markets its products in emerging markets that, as a result of political and economic instability, a lack of well-developed legal systems and potentially corrupt business environments, present it with political, economic and operational risks. Although AB InBev is committed to conducting business in a legal and ethical manner in compliance with local and international statutory requirements and standards applicable to its business, there is a risk that the employees or representatives of AB InBevs subsidiaries, affiliates, associates, joint ventures/operations or other business interests may take actions that violate applicable laws and regulations that generally prohibit the making of improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business, including laws relating to the 1997 OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act.

Although AB InBevs operations in Cuba are quantitatively immaterial, its overall business reputation may suffer or it may face additional regulatory scrutiny as a result of Cuba being a target of U.S. economic and trade sanctions. In addition, on 11 January 2021, the Trump Administration designated Cuba as a state sponsor of terrorism].If investors decide to liquidate or otherwise divest their investments in companies that have operations of any magnitude in Cuba, the market in and value of AB InBevs securities could be adversely impacted. In addition, Title III of U.S. legislation known as the Helms-Burton Act authorizes private lawsuits for damages against anyone who traffics in property confiscated without compensation by the Government of Cuba from persons who at the time were, or have since become, nationals of the United States. Although this section of the Helms-Burton Act has been suspended by discretionary presidential action since its inception in 1996, on 2 May 2019, the Trump Administration activated Title III of the Helms-Burton Act, thereby allowing nationals of the United States that hold claims under

--- zona 9 (seccion: (A) COVID-19 PANDEMIC IMPACT) ---
The companys business, financial condition, cash flows and operating results have been and may continue to be negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. The public health crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as measures taken in response to contain or mitigate the pandemic, have had, and are expected to continue to have, certain negative impacts on the companys results including, without limitation: a negative impact on volume sold and revenue, a negative impact on cost of sales per hectoliter driven by non-variable cost and the loss of operational efficiencies due to volume declines, impairment losses on inventories, impairment losses on trade and other receivables, a series of cost incurred exclusively as a result of the COVID19 pandemic and goodwill impairment charges referred to below and reported in exceptional items see also Note 8 Nonrecurring items, Note 14 Goodwill, Note 20 Trade and other receivables and Note 19 Inventories.

Management considered the impact of COVID-19 and the current economic environment on the basis of preparation of these consolidated financial statements. Although the company has noticed an adverse impact on its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows during 2020, it continues to adequately manage its liquidity and capital resources (refer to Note 21 Cash and cash equivalents, Note 24 Interest-bearing loans and borrowings and Note 29 Risks arising from financial instruments). As such, management concluded the company is able to continue as a going concern.

Goodwill impairment

--- zona 10 (seccion: CAPITAL RESOURCES AND EQUITY) ---
A portion of the companys global portfolio consists of associates in new or developing markets, including investments where the company may have a lesser degree of control over the business operations. The company faces several challenges inherent to these various culturally and geographically diverse business interests. Although the company works with its associates on the implementation of appropriate processes and controls, the company also faces additional risks and uncertainties with respect to these minority investments because the company may be dependent on systems, controls and personnel that are not under the companys control, such as the risk that the companys associates may violate applicable laws and regulations, which could have an adverse effect on the companys business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.

AB InBev may have a conflict of interest with its majority-owned subsidiaries. For example, a conflict of interest could arise if the subsidiary brings a legal claim for an alleged contractual breach, which could materially and adversely affect AB InBevs financial condition. A conflict of interest may also arise as a result of any dual roles played by AB InBev directors who may also be managers or senior officers in the subsidiary. Notwithstanding policies and procedures to address the possibility of such conflicts of interest, AB InBev may not be able to resolve all such conflicts on terms favorable to AB InBev.

AB InBev relies on key third parties, including key suppliers, for a range of raw materials for its beer, alcoholic beverages and soft drinks, and for packaging material. The termination of or any material change to arrangements with certain key suppliers or the failure of a key supplier to meet its contractual obligations could have a material impact on AB InBev's production, distribution and sale of beer, alcoholic beverages and soft drinks and have a material adverse effect on AB InBev's business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Certain of AB InBevs subsidiaries may purchase nearly all of their key packaging materials from sole suppliers under multi-year contracts. The loss of or temporary discontinuity of supply from any of these

suppliers without sufficient time to develop an alternative source could cause AB InBev to spend increased amounts on such supplies in the future. In addition, a number of key brand names are both licensed to third-party brewers and used by companies over which AB InBev does not have control. Although AB InBev monitors brewing quality to ensure its high standards, to the extent that one of these key brand names or joint ventures, companies in which AB InBev does not own a controlling interest and/or AB InBevs licensees are subject to negative publicity, it could have a material adverse effect on AB InBevs business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.

==============================================================================
INFORME: IBERDROLA S.A | ESPAÑA | 2018 | Annual report
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: 46. GUARANTEE COMMITMENTS TO THIRD PARTIES AND OTH) ---
IBERDROLA and its subsidiaries are required to provide the bank or corporate guarantees associated with the normal management of the Groups activities.

In this regard, the IBERDROLA Group guarantees the obligations undertaken in energy purchase agreements and grid access transactions in different energy markets and against the operators of different electricity systems (MEFF, OMIE, National Grid, CFE, REE and EDP Distribucin).

With regard to generation from renewable sources, the IBERDROLA Group has provided guarantees to third parties to cover the construction, bringing into service and dismantling of facilities, in addition to its responsibilities in long-term energy sales.

In 2016, the signing of nonconformity has taken place regarding the corporate income tax for the years 2008 to 2011 and regarding the Value Added Tax, for years 2010 and 2011. IBERDROLA has filed the corresponding claims to the Economic Administrative Court against the liquidation agreements, which confirm the acts of nonconformity, requesting the automatic suspension of the execution of the settlements by means of the necessary bank guarantees (Note 31).

--- zona 2 (seccion: 2. BUSINESS PERFORMANCE AND RESULTS) ---
B.1. Generation

Generation capacity has been sold to Drax. Therefore, at 31 December 2018 installed capacity in the UK is only renewable, although the years output up until the moment of sale was managed by the Group. In 2018 output dropped by 23.2% to 5,453 GWh, compared to 7,100 GWh. The market share of the generation business in 2018 maintained similar levels to the previous years of 4%:

B.2. Supply

Regarding sales, during 2018 customers were supplied with 20,008 GWh of electricity and 27,773 GWh of gas (21.591 GWh of electricity and 29.514 GWh of gas supplied during 2017). SCOTTISH POWER had 3 million electricity customers and 2 million gas customers at 31 December 2018.

C. Mexico

--- zona 3 (seccion: EU4) ---
The proceeds from the various green financing instruments are used to finance or refinance Eligible Green Projects.

Consistent with the Green Bond Principles, Iberdrola considers Eligible Green Projects to be those that meet the Eligibility Standards described in the Framework.

2. Evaluation and selection of the project

--- zona 4 (seccion: 46. GUARANTEE COMMITMENTS TO THIRD PARTIES AND OTH) ---
Moreover, the IBERDROLA Group in compliance with the contractual obligations associated with loans received from banks, had fully or partially pledged some of its subsidiaries shares at 31 December 2018 and 2017. The detail, by company, of the shares pledged is as follows:

Groups ownership (thousands of Euros Renewables business - Spain

Company

--- zona 5 (seccion: REPORT ON THE CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL ACCOUNTS) ---
business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated annual accounts. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit and Risk Monitoring Committee of Iberdrola, S.A. regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Parent's Audit and Risk Monitoring Committee with a statement that we have complied with the applicable ethical requirements, including those regarding independence, and to communicate with them all matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated to the audit committee of the Parent, we determine those that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated annual accounts of the current period and which are therefore the key audit matters.

We describe these matters in our auditors report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter.

Additional Report to the Audit Committee of the Parent_____________________

The opinion expressed in this report is consistent with our additional report to the Parent's audit committee dated 22 February 2019.

Contract Period___________________________________________________________

--- zona 6 (seccion: 30. OTHER CURRENT AND NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES) ---
The detail of Other current liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial position is as follows:

Short-term deposits and guarantees (Note 13.b.) 147,927 167,507 Other investments in equity-accounted investees 93,681 111,994 Short-term intangible trade 573,820 869,597 Staff pending remuneration 232,291 231,044 Others 610,690 485,805

Due to the multinational nature of the IBERDROLA Group, it is subject to the regulations in force in other tax jurisdictions.

--- zona 7 (seccion: 3. ACCOUNTING POLICIES) ---
Regulated income

Income from regulated activities where remuneration is in accordance with a fixed margin is booked by the IBERDROLA Group under Net revenue in the consolidated income statement for the corresponding year.

In the case of some regulated activities carried out by the IBERDROLA Group, any discrepancies between costs estimated when setting the annual tariff and costs actually incurred are recognised as income or expense for the year in which they arise only if its proceed or payment is certain, regardless of future sales.

--- zona 8 (seccion: EU3) ---
Up to 30 years old

Persons leaving the company by region, gender and age group

Persons leaving the company by region, gender and age group

More than 50 years old

--- zona 9 (seccion: 46. GUARANTEE COMMITMENTS TO THIRD PARTIES AND OTH) ---
(1) Companies recognised as equity-accounted investee.

47.1 2018 by-law stipulated remuneration

Article 48 of IBERDROLAs by-laws provides that the Company shall assign, as a statutory expense, an amount equal to a maximum of 2% of the profit obtained in the year by the consolidated group for the following purposes:

On the proposal of the Appointments and Remuneration Committee, the board of directors has decided to propose to shareholders at their General Meeting to assign by-law stipulated remuneration of Euros 17,000 thousand in 2018 and the same amount as in the previous three years, this is in 2015, 2016 and 2017.

These amounts have been registered under the Personnel expenses heading in the consolidated income statements (Note 37).

a) Fixed remuneration and attendance premium

The fixed annual remuneration and attendance premium received by board and committee members depends on the duties assigned to them in the board of directors and its commissions in 2018 and 2017. The details are as follows:

Fixed remuneration Attendance premium

b) Remuneration of the executive directors for their executive duties

The board of directors has resolved to maintain the fixed remuneration for the chairman and chief executive officer in 2018 at Euros 2,250 thousand. It also decided to maintain the limit of variable annual remuneration, which may not exceed Euros 3,250 thousand and which will be paid as far as been agreed in 2019.

The board of directors decided on a fix remuneration in 2018 of Euros 1,000 thousand for the member of the board and Business CEO and set a limit of variable annual remuneration of Euros 1,000, to be paid, as may be agreed, in 2019.

c) Board member remunerations paid and accrued

The detailed fixed remuneration accrued by the members of the board of directors, individually, during 2018 and 2017, respectively, is detailed as follows:

Remuneration Short-term Fixed remuneration

variable remuneration Retribution Thousands of Euros Salaries (1) (1) fee (9) Compensations in kind Total 2018 Total 2017 Chairman of the Board Mr Jos Ignacio Snchez Galn 2,250 567 92 3,088 65 6,062 6,149

(1) Remuneration accrued in 2018. These amounts not satisfied until the approval of 2018 by-law stipulated remuneration by the General Shareholders Meeting 2019. (2) Appointed vice-chairperson of the board of directors on 21 June 2018. (3) Appointed member on 31 March 2017. On 21 June 2018 the board of directors approved the appointment as a member of the Audit and Risk Supervision Committee. (4) Appointed member-Business CEO on 31 March 2017. (5) Appointed member on 13 April 2018. On that same date the board of directors approved the appointment as a member of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee. (6) Ceased as vice-chairman of Boards of Directors at their meeting on 31 March 2017. (7) Ceased as vice-chairman of Boards of Directors at their meeting on 31 March 2017. (8) Ceased as vice-chairman of Boards of Directors at their meeting on 13 April 2018. (9) Amount relates to variable remuneration received in the year 2018, in accordance with attainment of targets and personal performance in 2017.

Currently, all members of the board of directors of IBERDROLA assume responsibility for any of the five committees of the board, except Francisco Martinez Crcoles.

--- zona 10 (seccion: 3. ACCOUNTING POLICIES) ---
The IBERDROLA Group recognises provisions to cover present obligations, whether these are legal or implied, which arise as a result of past events, provided that it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation (Note 26). A provision is recognised when the liability or obligation arises, with a charge to the relevant heading in the consolidated income statement depending on the nature of the obligation, for the present value of the provision when the effect of discounting the value of the obligation to present value is material. The change in the provision due to its discounting each year is recognised under Finance cost in the consolidated income statement.

These provisions include those recorded to cover environmental damage, which were determined on the basis of a case-by-case analysis of the situation of the polluted assets and the cost of decontaminating them.

3.u) Current and non-current debt classification

==============================================================================
INFORME: IBERDROLA S.A | ESPAÑA | 2020 | Annual report
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: ) ---
Iberdrolas public information

Iberdrola provides its Stakeholders with all relevant information regarding the performance of the company and its strategic lines for the coming years in a systematic and accessible manner.

Annual information

Annual Financial Report Prepared according to international financial reporting standards and externally audited.

Statement of Non-Financial Information. Sustainability Report Prepared according to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) guidelines and externally assured.

Integrated Report Prepared following the recommendations of the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC).

Annual Corporate Governance Report Prepared according to the form provided by the National Securities Market Commission of Spain.

Annual Director Remuneration Report Prepared according to the form provided by the National Securities Market Commission of Spain.

Annual Activities Report of the Board of Directors and of the Committees thereof Prepared following the recommendations of the Good Governance Code of Listed Companies and best international practices.

Additional information

Environmental

Economic / financial

Corporate Environmental Footprint Report Biodiversity Report Greenhouse Gas Report

Corporate Governance

Social

About Us Report on Tax Transparency of the Iberdrola group Innovation Report Shareholders and investors Corporate Governance

Diversity and Inclusion Report Sustainability Social commitment Innovation Talent Culture SHAPES

This icon refers to related information. It also provides information on other specific reports where more information of interest can be accessed.

Letter from the Chairman & CEO

in renewable energy, smart grids and storage, our model has enabled us to cement our position as a world leader in the energy industry, and Iberdrola is now one of the three largest electricity companies worldwide and the company with the largest weight on the Spanish stock exchange.

In November 2020, Iberdrola unveiled the most ambitious investment plan in its history, totalling 75,000 million euros until 2025. 51% of this amount will be allocated to promoting clean energy, with the aim of doubling the groups renewable capacity in only 5 years and reaching 60,000 MW by the end of the period. Electrical grids, the backbone of the ecological transition, will receive the second-largest share of the investment, accounting for 40% of the total, in order to grow that our base of grid assets by 150%. The remaining 9% will be invested in new products and services that address the needs of our customers in a context of evergrowing electrification of energy uses along with increased digitalisation.

The year 2020 has marked a turning point in terms of the convergence towards sustainable development worldwide. The plans devised to overcome the health and economic crisis coincide in their focus on a transition to safer, cleaner and more competitive energy systems as the best way of jump-starting the economy and creating quality jobs. The European Union has once again shown its leadership in this field by embracing the Green Deal, approved at the beginning of the year, as one of the main tools for recovery on the Continent.

This scenario confirms Iberdrolas pioneering commitment to the generation of sustainable value for the triangle formed by shareholders, employees and society. Based on investments

Iberdrola is committed to the creation of sustainable value

for shareholders, employees and society.

The unprecedented pace of investment envisioned in the plan, together with the focus on operational efficiency, will enable us to achieve gross operating profits (EBITDA) of 15,000 million euros and net profits of 5,000 million euros in 2025, while maintaining financial strength and increasing shareholder remuneration in line with results until reaching 0.56 euro per share.

These initiatives fit within our Governance and Sustainability System, which endorses the best corporate governance practices.

In view of all of the foregoing, Iberdrola sees the coming years as an opportunity to strengthen its sustainable enterprise, in order to continue to create value for our shareholders, our employees and the society we serve.

Enhancing the social dividend

In this environment of change, Iberdrola reaffirms its commitment to contribute to the United Nations 2030 Agenda by generating a growing social dividend for the benefit of all.

We will boost the business of more than 22,000 local suppliers with our purchases of goods and services (which came to 14,000 million euros worth of orders awarded only in 2020), by increasing the 400,000 jobs we already provide on a worldwide basis, and by extending our sustainability policies to at least 75% of our main suppliers by 2025.

Over the next five years we expect to see almost 20,000 new hirings in the group, and we will deepen our commitment to professional development by further increasing the number of training hours per employee, which already stands at four times the European average. Along these lines, we will intensify our efforts to promote gender equality, with a view to reaching the target of 30% of women in management positions in comparison with the current 20%.

In the environmental area, we will continue to reduce our emissions (which now come to only 98 g/kWh and are thus two-thirds lower than the European average), achieving emission neutrality in Europe by 2030.

In order to continue to foster the companys sustainability, efficiency and competitiveness, we will strengthen our commitment to R&D and

Contents

2.1 The future of energy  30 2.2 Value chain  32 2.3 A successful consolidated business model  34 2.4 Iberdrola, an ESG+F leader  36 2.5 Capital management  40 2.6 Strategic foundations 2020 2025  42 2.7 Iberdrola and COVID-19  45 2.8 Comparative results and awards  46

3.1 Regulatory environment  50 3.2 Networks  53 3.3 Renewables  57 3.4 Wholesale and Retail  61

4. Our assets 4.1 Financial capital  66 4.2 Manufactured capital  68 4.3 Intellectual capital  70 4.4 Human capital  72 4.5 Natural capital  74 4.6 Social and relationship capital  76

5. A framework of trust 5.1 Governance and Sustainability System  82 5.2 The three-line model  88 5.3 Risks  90 5.4 Ethics  93 5.5 Sustainable development  94

Notes:

--- zona 2 (seccion: KEY:) ---
Principal awards / recognitions

In 2018 Iberdrola obtained the Compliance Leader Verification certification provided by the Ethisphere Institute to those companies that show they have an ethical culture implemented within all of their businesses and activities as well as a robust and effective compliance system.

In 2020 Iberdrola renewed the certifications provided by AENOR in 2017: UNE-ISO 37001 on anti-bribery management systems and UNE 19601 on penal compliance management systems. The companies of the Spain subgroup also renewed these certifications.

The Code of Ethics, which forms part of Iberdrolas Corporate Governance System, was approved by the Board of Directors in 2002 and is regularly updated.

Iberdrola has been chosen for the seventh consecutive year as one of the most ethical companies in the world, according to the Worlds Most Ethical Companies 2020 ranking prepared by the Ethisphere Institute, thus recognising the ethical leadership and conduct of the organisation.

Compliance Unit

Iberdrola, S.A.s Compliance Unit is a collective, internal and permanent body, linked to the Sustainable Development Committee of the Board of Directors, responsible for proactively ensuring the effective operation of the groups Compliance System.

In addition, there is a Compliance Division linked to the corresponding Audit and Compliance Committees at each country subholding company and each head of business company.

5.5 Sustainable Development

The Iberdrola group has transformed its business model in recent years to make it more sustainable, achieving development that meets the needs of the present without compromising those of future generations.

Sustainable Development Plan: Energy to thrive

Iberdrola is firmly committed to sustainable development and to improving the quality of life of people. Its contributions in the environmental, social and governance (ESG) areas are reflected in numerous projects and activities that constitute the groups 2020-2022 Sustainable Development Plan: Energy to thrive. Using this plan, the company works towards all the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the 2030 Agenda of the United Nations.

Thus, the more than 350 tasks in this plan constitute Iberdrolas ESG objectives, a portion of which were presented at Capital Markets Day 2020.

Priorities of the 2020-2022 Sustainable Development Plan Energy to thrive.

The Energy to thrivesd Plan demonstrates Iberdrolas commitment to fight against climate change and to the well-being of the society, through the development of more than 350 actions at environmental, social and governance level. These responds the demands of our stakeholders and places the company on the highest standards at sustainable development field.

2022 Main targets:

E nvironmental

Fight against climate change: we will reduce our emissions until 100 g CO2/KWh Green energy: we will increase green energy consumption with an additional 3,300 MW

Renewables: We will accelerate investment in clean energy, incorporating more than 12 GW

Green Hydrogen: Projects to produce more than 50 MW of green Hydrogen

We led the energy transition for more than two decades to combat climate change through the innovation and the production of clean energy.

Biodiversity: we will reforest with 2.5 million trees, reaching 8 million by 2025

Water: reduction of water consumption, up to <500 m3/GWh

Circular economy: 100% of office waste will be recycled and recovered

Sustainable moblity: We will install 150.000 recharging points by 2025

2022 Main targets:

S ocial

Driver of employment: creating more than 400.000 at direct, indirect and induced level Training: We will increase the number of employee training hours up to 55

Equality: Reach 25% of women in managerial positions and maintain equal pay

Sensitization: Support for the initiative Universo Mujer of CSD across 16 federations Access to energy: reaching 11.5 million people through the Electricity for all program.

2022 Main targets:

G overnance

Cybersecurity: More than 1.800 Cybersecurity analysis of per year

Sustainable financing: Maximize green financing, currently above 15 billion

Implement best practices in the Governance and Sustainability System

Responsible supply: To have 70% of our suppliers with sustainability policies

We develop the best practices at corporate governance level, supporting the sustainable financial market and promoting social responsible practices in in the supply chain.

Sustainable events: Increase in the certification of sustainable events, with at least 5 per year

6. About this report

This report, which Iberdrola directs to both its shareholders and all other Stakeholders, has been prepared adopting the IIRC guidelines, and constitutes one more example of the groups interest in the area of transparency.

6.1 About this report

--- zona 3 (seccion: IEI) ---
The groups assets are the basis for the creation of value by the company, which carries out its activities through the sound management thereof.

In this report, Iberdrola identifies and classifies its assets in accordance with the IIRC classification system: Financial capital Manufactured capital Intellectual capital Human capital Natural capital Social and relationship capital

4.1 Financial capital

The company has an investment policy consistent with its strategic vision and financial policy. The main goals are: Ensure a return on capital through projects and investments preferably in regulated businesses or renewable assets. Increase geographical diversification, with the aim of becoming a leader in the countries in which it operates. For this purpose, and as one of the pillars, green financing will be the main instrument, due to its intrinsic nature (responsibility, guarantee and taxonomy).

Gross investments of 9,246 million, of which nearly 92% has been assigned to the Renewables and Networks businesses. This is a record figure, representing 13.3% growth compared to 2019. Investments in Renewables assets increased approximately 43% compared to 2019, mainly driven by the acquisitions of Infigen in Australia and Aalto Power in France. In Generation, approximately 3.0 GW of capacity has been placed into operation since the beginning of 2020, 2.9 GW of which is renewable. Operating Cash Flow reached 8,192 million.

Iberdrola will accelerate its growth with gross investments of 75,000 million1 over the 2020-2025 period, with an annual average organic investment of 10,000 million in 2020-2022 and 13,000 million in 2023-2025 (compared to 7,000 million in 2017-2019). 90% of the organic investment will be in regulated or renewable activities. By businesses, Networks will absorb 40%, or 27,100 million, increasing around 1.5 times the value of its regulated assets by 2025, to approximately 47,000 million. In Renewables, the company will have some 60 GW by year-end 2025. Investment in Europe and the United States will account for 85% of the total (51% Europe and 34% United States).

Sustainable Growth via green financing

Gross margin of 16,145 million. Reported net profit of 3,611 million (+4.2%), excluding the impact of COVID19(-238m), as well as the extraordinary items booked in 2019 and 2020, adjusted net profit would be 3,849 million (+9.7%). Reported EBITDA of 10,010 million, negatively impacted by exchange rates (487m). Excluding non-recurring effects, adjusted EBITDA increased by 3.0%. Adjusted net financial debt stood at 35,142 million, down 2,395 million during the year; operating cash flow, cash inflow from the divestment of Siemens Gamesa and the devaluation of currencies as a result of changes in the exchange rate, which cannot be managed at the debt level, more than offset the group's investment effort. Liquidity of 17,500 million (including subsequent events), which covers more than 24 months of financing needs (excluding the payment for the purchase of PNM).

Increase in investments, optimisation of capital and the implementation of further efficiency measures will allow the company to achieve its ambitious goals: EBITDA of approximately 15,000 million by 2025, which means annual growth of 6-7% since 2019. Approximately 80% of this EBITDA will come from the Networks and Renewables businesses by 2025. Net profit will reach approximately 5,000 million by 2025, increasing by 1,500 million at an annual rate of between 6% and 7% since 2019. Active management of the liquidity position to cover financing requirements equivalent to 18 months in the risk scenario. FFO / Net Debt approximately 22% throughout the period, reflecting the strong financial position.

Iberdrola offers its shareholders and other Stakeholders, through the bylaw-established social dividend, an enterprise for the long-term creation of value. The confidence of its shareholders allows Iberdrola to secure the resources needed to move its enterprise forward while offering the shareholders an attractive and sustainable return.

Shareholder remuneration of 0.42 euro per share, equal to a dividend yield of 3.46%. Flexible dividend offering tax benefits, the repurchase of shares to avoid dilution, adding the cash payment option.

Due to the strength of the results obtained, and maintaining its commitment to increase shareholder return in line with results, the Board of Directors will propose at the General Shareholders Meeting remuneration of 0.42 euros per share, an increase of 5%, charged to 2020 profits. In the plan, remuneration will continue to increase in line with results. Therefore, a rising floor is set for the dividend of 0.40 euros per share until 2022 and 0.44 euros per share until 2025, although the results forecasts point to a dividend per share of approximately 0.53-0.56 euro per share in 2025. The pay-out ratio is maintained at between 65% and 75%.

Sustainable results and dividends

Create value for shareholders with sustainable growth

EBITDA by business 2020

--- zona 4 (seccion: IEI) ---
Significant risks

Zero accidents. Offer our customers excellent service based on the quality of supply and information regarding the network. Maximise efficiency in system operations through operational excellence and the digitalisation of our assets. Lead the energy transition towards a cleaner model favouring a more efficient integration of renewable energy (centralised and distributed) and the deployment of electric vehicles and heat pumps, through the use of smart grids.

Operational risks: impacts on supply as a result of meteorological events and work-related and third-party accidents at owned facilities. Technological and cybersecurity risks affecting the security of the facilities and service to our customers.

Principal activities 2020

Spain: Investments are planned to meet the decarbonisation and electrification targets of the Integrated National Energy and Climate Plan, with a focus on digitalising the Low Voltage network.

United Kingdom: Implementation of investments set out in RIIO-T1 and RIIO ED1. Joined the Low Carbon Strategic Partnership, focused on the role of electricity networks in favouring the energy transition. Progress on projects under the Green Economy Fund in Scotland to favour decarbonisation and accelerate the deployment of electric vehicle recharging infrastructure.

United States: Permits for the New England Clean Energy Connect (NECEC) project awarded in 2018 have been obtained, with a planned investment of $950 million, for the construction of a 233 kilometre transmission line between Canada and New England, which will allow for the supply of 1,200 MW of 100% hydroelectric power to Massachusetts beginning in 2023.

Brazil: In December 2020 Neoenergia was awarded lot 2, with 2,000 million reais of investment, in the auction by the Brazilian regulator ANEEL for the construction of a 1,000 km transmission line and a substation in the states of Bahia, Espirito Santo y Minas Gerais. This brings the total won by Neoenergia in auctions since 2017 to 12 projects with a total investment of approximately 10,000 million reais. The acquisition of licences and construction of these projects is proceeding according to plan, with the placement into service of the first sections of the lot 4 line from the April 2017 auction during 2020.

Customer service

Operational excellence The adjusted evolution of operating expenses continues in order to maintain and improve efficiency ratios in all countries. New plans and models continue to be developed to end fraud in electricity consumption in Spain and Brazil, and also to comply with the parameters defined by the regulators. In addition, Iberdrola has been declared the winner of the Big Data Talent Award 2020 for its project on the use of advanced data analysis for the identification and reduction of nontechnical losses.

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, there have been additional inspections of the network and reinforcement of facilities using generators to ensure the supply of electricity to essential facilities, especially hospitals, in our distribution areas. The customer service channels have also been reinforced, disconnections of customers have been suspended and customers are being offered payment arrangements. Spain has seen the launch of the DATADIS online platform, which enables customers to use a common channel to access private information on the electricity consumption of all their supply points, even if they are from different distributors. In the United States, 2020 was a year with strong storms in all of our distribution areas, and restoration of supply required tremendous efforts. The distributors Avangrid CMP, NYSEG and UIL have received an award from the Edison Electric Institute in recognition for their response to some of the 2020 storms (Nor'easter and Isaias). i-DE has earned the ISO 10002:2018 certification, which recognises that it has an effective and efficient system for attending to complaints and claims. The roll-out of mobile apps for all our distributors in the United States has been completed. The apps improve the user experience, facilitating self-service and simplifying online processes.

Digitalisation of the network and Flexibility ScottishPower Networks has announced its biggest flexibility services auction to date, for the period between 2023 and 2028 (corresponding to the ED2 regulatory period), for 900 MW of active power and 38 MVAr of reactive power in Scotland, England and North Wales. i-DE was a winner at the 2020 enerTIC Awards in the Smart Data Center category, with the e-LVIS project, and in Intelligent IT Infrastructures, with the Intelligent Transformation Centre project. Iberdrola has announced the launch of the Global Smartgrid Innovation Hub (located in Bilbao), a global centre of innovation in smart grids to lead the energy transition. It will be inaugurated in mid-2021 and will bring together the innovative potential of over 200 professionals in the development of R&D projects related to the electricity networks of the future. Over 120 innovation projects have been identified, with a value of 110 million, related to digitalisation, data processing, new consumption models, electric mobility and self-consumption. The Hub has the support of the Biscay Provincial Government.

Key figures of the Networks Business

Supply Points (Electricity)1 Millions 11.2 11.1 3.5 3.5 2.3 2.3 14.3 14.1 31.3 31.0

Quarterly Results Report IFRS 11 has been applied to the financial information. (1) Supply points in Spain include Conquense and other small distributors.

Over the 2020-2025 period, investment will exceed 27,000 million (including PNM and awaiting the inclusion of CEBs investments in Brazil), laying the foundations for higher growth in every country, where approximately 90% of the investments are already assured.

The spread of electric vehicles, the integration of distributed renewable generation, the electrification of the economy and the resilience and digitalisation plans in the United States and Brazil are vectors for growth.

The supply quality target (-25% compared to 2017) was achieved two years ahead of schedule in 2020, while a new target for a further 10% improvement in the duration of power outages has been set for 2025, thus continuing to improve customer satisfaction.

Growth in asset base in all countries,

--- zona 5 (seccion: RENEWABLES NETWORKS) ---
Key figures 2020

MW Renewable installed capacity

GWh Net renewable production

(1) Total number of electricity and gas customers.

1 Offshore wind farm 350 MW

41 Wind farms 1.414 MW

4 Photovoltaic plants 31 MW

Electricity distribution

Installed capacity and production by country and technology

Installed capacity (MW)1 2

Renewables 17,411 16,526 2,858 2,520 7,982 7,521 3,546 3,546 1,222 860 103 103 1,795 965 34,923 32,042

Hydroelectric 9,715 9,715 0 118 118 3,031 3,031 12,864 12,864

Mini-hydroelectric 303 306 303 306

Solar and others 1,100 500 6 - 143 143 642 368 31 6 1,923 1,018

Coal - 874 0 874

Net electricity production (GWh)1 2

Renewables 25,919 22,191 6,677 4,640 19,371 17,478 10,681 10,674 1,658 1,424 218 227 3,540 2,665 68,064 59,299

Hydroelectric 13,111 9,082 120 179 8,803 8,680 22,034 17,941

Mini-hydroelectric 682 618 682 618

Solar and others 509 0 321 346 729 731 8 9 1,568 1,086

(1) All data for Production and Installed Capacity include the power stations in which Iberdrola has a stake, based on its percentage interest. (2) Totals may vary due to rounding of decimals. (3) Coal-fired electricity production prior to the final closure of coal-fired power plants in Spain.

1.5 Key milestones of 2020

At the Davos Forum, Ignacio Galn highlighted the role of electrification for the success of the Green Deal.

Member of the Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations and Bloomberg Gender Equality indexes.

January

Launch of the plan to combat COVID-19: Award of procurement contracts totalling 2,900million Guarantee of electricity supply Donation of healthcare material Plan to assist customers with bill payments Inauguration of the Nez de Balboa photovoltaic power plant, the largest in Europe to date. April Mobilisation of 1,000 volunteers in social initiatives to combat COVID-19.

March

Signing of a collaboration agreement with Mazda for the promotion of electric mobility in Spain. May Acquisition of the French renewables company Aalto Power.

Presentation by the EU of the Green Deal.

Agreement for the development of the largest portfolio of offshore wind farm projects in Sweden, with a total of 9 GW.

June Startup of the Cavar wind farm (Spain).

Inauguration with Fertiberia of the largest green hydrogen plant for industrial use in Europe.

July

Signing by Avangrid Renewables of an energy supply agreement with Apple. Signing of a strategic collaboration agreement with SEAT and Volkswagen Group for the promotion of electric mobility in Spain. Iberdrola celebrates eleven consecutive years as a member of the FTSE4Good index.

Inauguration of the East Anglia ONE offshore wind farm in the United Kingdom, the companys largest to date. Award of a new hybrid project (photovoltaic with storage) in Portugal.

August

Commencement of the 2021 Iberdrola Social Program (Fundacin Iberdrola Espaa), aimed at mitigating the negative impact of COVID-19 on the most vulnerable groups. 4,000 volunteers participate in the companys International Volunteer Day.

Construction of Iberdrolas first hybrid solar-wind plant in the world begins in Australia.

October

Publication of the first Diversity and Inclusion Report, covering the companys strategic initiatives in this area.

November

Presentation of the Trees programme for the reforestation of 8 million trees by 2030.

Iberdrola reforms its governance and sustainability system, based on ESG standards.

Acquisition, through Neoenergia, of the Brasilia distributor CEB-Distribuio, which supplies electricity to 3 million people.

December

--- zona 6 (seccion: IEI) ---
Market conditions

In the face of the economic, social and health crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the debate over the importance of the climate, the environment and biodiversity for peoples health has intensified. Major institutions and social and political leaders are proposing that the recovery is an opportunity to drive the transition towards a new socioeconomic model that is climate-neutral, resilient, sustainable and inclusive. This is known as the Green Recovery, a vision to which the Iberdrola group is fully committed.

The transformative tendencies of the energy sector are intensifying, while action in the fight against climate change is growing around the world:

The urgent need to drive decarbonisation, a key element of which is widespread use of renewable energy and investment in electrical networks. The gradual green electrification of energy uses and demand for new services will empower customers, putting them at the centre of the transition. Innovation and technological progress will accelerate a reduction in the cost of renewables, which, together with greater digitalisation and efficiency, will allow for the acceleration of electrification.

Challenges and opportunities

--- zona 7 (seccion: IEI) ---
Significant risks

Occupational safety and health. Development of growth opportunities and new energy solutions, putting the customer at the centre of the transition: electrification of energy demand and new services. Competitive supply and excellence in service to customers. Operational excellence and continuous improvement in efficiency. Environmental management and protection of biodiversity. Risk identification and minimisation.

Regulatory risk: Changes in regulations in the countries in which it operates. Operational risks: Availability rate of facilities and potential incidents with environmental impact. Market risk: Commodity prices and competition levels in liberalised markets. Technological and cybersecurity risks affecting the security of the facilities or the information of our customers.

Principal activities 2020

Spain: Continuous development of products and services meeting the needs of customers (Customised Plans, Smart services, Smart mobility, Smart solar, Smart home, Smart clima and Smart Cities). Development of green hydrogen projects. United Kingdom: Responsibility is assumed for the supply of 375,000 new contracts with customers from two retailers that ceased operations during 2020.

A cumulative total of 1.7 million smart meters has also been installed in the United Kingdom.

Mexico: Completion of CC Topolobampo III (779 MW capacity) and 514 MW thermal under construction. Europe: Growth of retail activity and connection to customers through Smart Solutions, which has led to a total of 9.3 million smart contracts worldwide during 2020.

Mexico: 3,500 MW of installed capacity in the last three years (largest private sector electricity producer in the country). Loyalty-building and development of new digital products and smart solutions meeting the needs of customers, which promotes efficiency and the consumption of renewable energy. Expansion of retail activity in Europe with sustained growth due to an efficient and established management model.

Efficiency

Growth

Spain: development of the largest complex in Europe for green hydrogen for industrial use, operational in Puertollano (Ciudad Real) in 2021. This is the first milestone in a plan to develop 800 MW of green hydrogen with an investment of 1,800 million euros by 2027. United Kingdom: continued widespread deployment of smart meters.

Key figures of the Wholesale and Retail Business

Electricity contracts Millions 10.0 10.1 2.8 2.8 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.7 0.6 13.6 13.5

Gross investment of more than 6,000 million during the period, for:

Retail expansion in new markets and growth of smart solutions for customers, to reach 40 million contracts.

Production of green hydrogen, as an alternative to decarbonisation in consumption niches where electrification is not possible or competitive.

Gross investment 2020-2025 (M)

--- zona 8 (seccion: IEI) ---
And an economic / financial model that enables us to accelerate the creation of value for all

Investment is concentrated in the regulated businesses or businesses with long-term contracts, which provide recognised and recurring cash flows. The selection of countries takes into account the stability of the regulatory environment applicable to the industry and their long-term credit rating. The dividend policy is focused on a strong and growing return in line with the increase in the companys results. The principal finance instrument is Green Finance, which ensures transparency on the impact and use thereof, in line with EU Taxonomy, which allows for sufficient liquidity to be maintained. This will enable Iberdrola to maintain its credit ratios within the established limits.

ESG+F In low-risk countries

In line with EPS increase

and businesses

Enabling a sustainable dividend

policy

--- zona 9 (seccion: KEY:) ---
Regulatory and political risk

Includes the risks of transition (regulatory or market associated with emissions reduction goals) and physical risks (deriving from potential impacts of an increase in extreme climate phenomena, increase in temperatures, increase in sea level, changes in rain patterns, etc.). Iberdrola believes that it is well positioned with respect to this risk, given the nature of its current businesses and its main goals for growth.

Climate change risk

5.4 Ethics

--- zona 10 (seccion: IEI) ---
Key figures / Page 12

Social commitment

Various corporate volunteer activities by employees around the world. (Photos: Brazil, Mexico and Spain).

Improvement in accident ratios (2017-2020)3:

Iberdrola committed to equality

Inclusive school for electricians in Brazil.

(1) The exceptional situation caused by COVID-19 has significantly reduced face-to-face training. Thanks to a tremendous effort, a large part of training activity has been adapted for delivery by remote means, which has led to a considerable increase in the proportion of on-line training hours. (2) Does not include training hours provided by the school for electricians from years prior to 2020 for professionals hired in Brazil during that year. (3) Injury rate (accidents with sick leave per average number of employees, multiplied by 100).

4.5 Natural capital

Conserve and recover the ecosystems associated with our activities, coordinating the biodiversity plans of the businesses in affected areas. Improve the compatibility of Iberdrolas infrastructure with protection of the environment. Avoid discharges and pollution of water and soil, all in line with Iberdrolas Biodiversity Policy and Environmental Policy. Iberdrola commits to continuously improve biodiversity protection standards in order to reach a net positive balance at all new generation infrastructures that it deploys by 2030, applying mitigation hierarchy principles and avoiding placement in protected areas.

Acquisition of ISO-TS 14072 Certificate for Corporate Environmental Footprint (CEF) 2019. Sustainable 2020 General Shareholders Meeting: ISO 20121 certification as a sustainable event for fourth consecutive year. Renewal of all ISO 14001:2015 certificates. Expansion of i-DE scope to construction; the commercial business is certified in the UK. Biodiversity Action Plans. Environmental guidelines linked to the SDGs. Launch of the Iberdrola Trees program. Publication of the Biodiversity Report 2018-2019. Biodiversity training and awarenessraising campaign. Active participation in We Value Nature, Business for Nature initiatives.

Restoration, recovery, improvement and maintenance of natural spaces and habitats. Integrate the concept of natural capital. New biodiversity plan for the group. Update of environmental and biodiversity policies. Leadership in protection of biodiversity. Development of a climate change adjustment strategic plan. Offset of emissions using sinks.

Protect the environment and stop the loss of biodiversity

Emissions in Spain were 73 gr CO2/kWh. Certification of Neoenergias GHG inventory under the ISO 14064 standard. Approval of SBTi Targets regarding the groups emissions according to 1.5C. Increased ambition in commitment to reduce specific emissions. Sustainable mobility plan: over 200 subsidies for the purchase of electric vehicles for the workforce.

Reduce emissions intensity to 50g CO2/kWh by 2030. Be carbon neutral by 2050 at the global level and by 2030 in Europe. Develop innovative projects to reduce pollution. Increase reduction activities accompanying the supply chain. Promote electric vehicles: install over 150,000 electric vehicle recharging points. Active participation in the SDGs approved in September 2015 (prioritising goals 7 and 13).

Prevent pollution and the emission of greenhouse gases (GHGs) through practices that reduce or eliminate the production of pollutants at source. Reduce the emissions of non-GHGs into the air. Gradually replace equipment that uses ozone layer-reducing substances. Promotion of awareness-raising campaigns regarding air quality. New GHG emissions-free facilities (renewable, wind, hydroelectric, etc.).

Combat climate change and its effects

Continuous improvement in operational performance. Implementation of actions to increase energy efficiency. Decrease in consumption of natural resources. Inclusion of environmental variable in the design of infrastructure (Ecodesign). Improvement in control and management of waste generated.

Innovative activities in environmental management and control. Efficient management of water consumption. Improvement in withdrawal and consumption of inland water at all generation facilities. Improvement in reuse and recycling of waste. Active awareness-raising on the circular economy. Iberdrolas Circularity Report based on WBCSD indicators. Preliminary report on Iberdrolas water scarcity footprint.

Reduce the water use / production ratio by 50% by 2030 compared to 2019. Develop and drive new ecodesign initiatives. Analysis of life cycle. Life Cycle Costing. Promote responsible and sustainable production in the supplier chain. The circular economy as the sustainable basis of the groups business. Verification of Iberdrolas Water Footprint. Integrated analysis of the corporate, water and circular footprints.

Guarantee sustainable modes of production and consumption

Strengthen transparent dialogue with Stakeholders in order to work together in seeking solutions to environmental problems. Manage environmental compliance by suppliers. Transparently report on environmental results and activities. Optimisation of and innovation in environmental management systems.

Public-private partnership with the Basque Government on environmental issues. Participation in the European REEF project to develop environmental product footprints together with EDP. Participation in Natural Capitals working group with companies in the industry. Establishment of the The Day After partnership with ITD-UPM, REDS and IS Global. Active participation in the four work communities that have been established: Economy, Environment, Cities and Cooperation.

Environmental transparency and communication: Development of new Environmental Product Declarations (EDPs). Communication of environmental performance, development of methodology. Environmental communication plan. Increased participation in international forums.

Revitalise partnerships with Stakeholders for sustainable development

The environmental dimension is a key factor in the concept of sustainability

Intensity of emissions in Spain (g CO2/kWh)

Specific CO2 emissions from facilities

in Europe

(Carbon factor in g of CO2/MWh)

Fortum

European Carbon Factor: 249g CO/kWh

Statkraft

==============================================================================
INFORME: NOKIA | FINLANDIA | 2024 | Annual report
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY AND LIABILITIES) ---
Expenses by nature

Government grants received as compensation for expenses incurred are recognized as a reduction of the related expenses except for certain non-recurring grants that are recognized as other operating income. Government grants received in the form of R&D tax credits are recognized as a reduction of R&D expenses if the tax credit relates to the R&D expenditures incurred by Nokia and the tax credit is reimbursed in cash by the government in cases where Nokia is not able to offset it against its income tax payable. R&D tax credits that do not meet both conditions are recognized as income tax benefit.

Major customers As is typical for our industry, Nokias net sales are largely driven by multi-year customer agreements with a limited number of significant customers. In 2024 and in 2023, no single customer represented more than 10% of net sales. In 2022, net sales to the largest customer were 11% of net sales to external customers. Net sales to the largest customer were reported by Network Infrastructure, Mobile Networks and Cloud and Network Services, as well as Group Common and Other.

--- zona 2 (seccion: READ MORE ON PAGES 27 TO 28) ---
This years title for the Nokia Technology Vision is Digital acceleration toward the quantum era. It describes the increasing intersection of the digital, physical and human worlds to a smart world ahead that feels more human. The primary engine of innovation over the next decade will be AI that allows the digital world to interact with the physical and the human worlds. Evolving device technologies enhanced with enablers, such as spatial computing and artificial intelligence powered digital twins, provide solutions that are of a highquality personalized experience. This trajectory requires the underlying technologies, such as hardware and software, to further develop to fulfill the requirements of the new world.

Our 2024 edition of the Technology Strategy focuses on four pillars network cloud continuum, ubiquitous advanced networking, AI and next-generation devices as the foundational elements required to create highly agile, scalable and efficient digital ecosystems that telecommunications and enterprises need to evolve and thrive in a hyper-digital world. This evolution will enhance customer value, create new business models and deliver innovative services. Future networks must be programmable, exposable and easily monetized to support the next-generation digital experiences of the hyper-digital world.

To thrive in this evolving landscape, telecommunication services must transform from being mere connectivity providers to becoming enablers of digital ecosystems, offering a broader range of services beyond traditional offerings. A platform-based approach is essential, integrating cloud services, edge computing, IoT and AI-driven value-added services. This strategy leverages network infrastructure more effectively, enabling differentiated services that enhance customer retention, growth and new revenue opportunities.

Our Technology Strategy is built upon our commitment to making Nokia a technology leader in the industry. In line with our corporate strategy, defining our Technology Strategy allows us to be fully prepared for the next five to seven years.

--- zona 3 (seccion: LIABILITIES) ---
The cumulative amount or proportionate share of changes in the fair value of qualifying hedges deferred in translation differences is recognized as gain or loss on disposal of all or part of a foreign subsidiary.

Nokia has entered into long-term borrowings mainly at fixed rates and has swapped most of them into floating rates in line with a defined target interest profile. Nokia aims to mitigate the adverse impacts from interest rate fluctuations by continuously managing net interest exposure resulting from financial assets and liabilities by setting appropriate risk management benchmarks and risk limits. The hedged item is identified as a proportion of the outstanding loans up to the notional amount of the swaps as appropriate to achieve the risk management objective. Nokia enters into interest rate swaps that have similar critical terms to the hedged item, such as reference rate, reset dates, payment dates, maturities and notional amount and hence Nokia expects that there will be no significant ineffectiveness. Nokia has not entered into interest rate swaps where it would be paying fixed rates.

At the end of the hedge relationship, the accumulated changes in the spot element of qualifying fair value hedges were recorded as adjustments to net sales or cost of sales in discontinued operations according to the hedge designation. The changes in the forward element of the foreign exchange forwards that relate to hedged items were deferred in the cost of hedging reserve through other comprehensive income and reclassified to other operating income and expenses in discontinued operations at the end of the hedge relationship.

Hedges of net investments in foreign operations Nokia applies hedge accounting for its foreign currency hedging of selected net investments. The hedged item can be an amount equal to or less than the carrying amount of the net assets of the foreign operation in the statement of financial position. The risk management strategy is to protect the euro counter value of the portion of this exposure expected to materialize as non-euro cash repatriation in the foreseeable future.

Nokias borrowings are carried at amortized cost. Changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and qualifying as fair value hedges, together with any changes in the fair value of hedged liabilities attributable to the hedged risk, are recorded in financial income and expenses in the income statement. Nokia separates the foreign currency basis spread from cross-currency swaps and excludes it from the hedged risk as cost of hedging that is initially recognized and subsequently measured at fair value and recorded in the cost of hedging reserve through other comprehensive income. If a hedge relationship no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, hedge accounting ceases, the cost of hedging recorded in the cost of hedging reserve is immediately expensed and any fair value adjustments made to the carrying amount of the hedged item while the hedge was effective are recognized in financial income and expenses in the income statement based on the effective interest method.

--- zona 4 (seccion: N/A) ---
Employee Share Purchase Plan All eligible Nokia employees, including the President and CEO and our GLT members, can participate in the Employee Share Purchase Plan, by making contributions from their monthly net salaries (up to a cap) to purchase Nokia shares at market value. Participants will receive one matching share for every two purchased shares they still hold at the end of the applicable annual plan cycle. Until the matching shares are delivered, the participants have no shareholder rights, such as voting or dividend rights associated with the matching shares.

Selected financial data 70 Operating and financial review 71 Results of operations 71 Results of segments 75 Network Infrastructure 75 Mobile Networks 76 Cloud and Network Services 77 Nokia Technologies 78 Group Common and Other 79 Liquidity and capital resources 80 Financial position 80 Cash flow 80 Financial assets and debt 81 Venture fund investments andcommitments 81 Treasury policy 81 Foreign exchange impact 82 Business Integrity 83 Environment 89 Shares and shareholders 93 Share details 93 Shareholders 96 Articles of Association 97 Risk factors 99 Significant subsequent events 118

Selected financial data

--- zona 5 (seccion: LIABILITIES) ---
Interest rate risk Nokia is exposed to interest rate risk either through market value fluctuations of items on the statement of financial position (price risk) or through changes in interest income or expenses (refinancing or reinvestment risk). Interest rate risk mainly arises through interest-bearing liabilities and assets. Estimated future changes in cash flows and the structure of the statement of financial position also expose Nokia to interest rate risk.

Interest rate profile of items under interest rate risk management at 31 December:

The objective of interest rate risk management is to mitigate adverse impacts arising from interest rate fluctuations on the income statement, cash flow and financial assets and liabilities while taking into consideration Nokias target capital structure and the resulting net interest rate exposure. Nokia has entered into long-term borrowings mainly at fixed rates and swapped most of them into floating rates, in line with a defined target interest profile. Nokia has not entered into interest rate swaps where it would be paying fixed rates. Nokia aims to mitigate the adverse impacts from interest rate fluctuations by continuously managing net interest rate exposure arising from financial assets and liabilities, by setting appropriate risk management benchmarks and risk limits.

(1) All cash equivalents and derivative transaction-related collaterals with initial maturity of three months or less are considered floating rate for the purposes of interest rate risk management.

Nokias sensitivity to interest rate exposure in the investment and debt portfolios is presented in the fair value column in the table below with simulated impact to the financial statements presented in the profit and other comprehensive income (OCI) columns.

--- zona 6 (seccion: N/A) ---
Nokia in 2024 continued

Sustainability highlights for 2024 We have gathered a visual summary of our sustainability highlights and a view of our recognitions from external ratings organizations.

Share of suppliers achieving a satisfactory sustainability score(1) from supplier performance evaluation(2)

Reported and targeted GHG emissions

ESG Rankings and ratings Score Latest result

%

Recognized as one of the 2025 Worlds Most Ethical Companies(1) 2025Mar

Scope 3 upstream (cat 1, 2, 4, 6), reported

Nokia scope 1&2, reported

Scope 3 downstream (cat 11), reported

Targets

GHG emissions (million tons CO2eq)

11.1 (Low risk of experiencing material financial impacts from ESG factors) 2024 Oct

(1) Based on aggregated weighted share. (2) Based on Corporate Responsibility onsite audit programs, EcoVadis, CDP, Conflictminerals.

ESG Score 4.9/5.0 2024 Jun

(1) Worlds Most Ethical Companies and Ethisphere names and marks are registered trademarks of Ethisphere LLC. (2) Refers to 2024 result, received in January/February 2025. (3) 2024 final score pending, expected in April 2025.

Nokia in 2024 continued

--- zona 7 (seccion: N/A) ---
Nokia Technologies other operating income and expenses in 2024 was an income of EUR 1 million, a change of EUR 12 million compared to an income of EUR 13 million in 2023. The change in other operating income and expenses was primarily related to the reversal of loss allowances of certain trade receivables which benefited 2023 and was not repeated in 2024.

Operating profit Nokia Technologies operating profit in 2024 was EUR 1514 million, an increase of EUR 780 million, or 106%, compared to an operating profit of EUR 734 million in 2023. The increase in Nokia Technologies operating profit was primarily related to higher net sales, partially offset by higher operating expenses. Nokia Technologies operating margin in 2024 was 78.5% compared to 67.6% in 2023.

Net sales Nokia Technologies net sales in 2024 were EUR 1928 million, an increase of EUR 843 million, or 78%, compared to EUR 1085 million in 2023. The strong growth in Nokia Technologies net sales was primarily due to the signing of smartphone license agreements with OPPO, vivo and other licensees. Some of these agreements led to the recognition of catch-up net sales through the course of the year. Nokia Technologies also continued to make good progress in expanding to new areas such as automotive, consumer electronics, IoT and multimedia.

--- zona 8 (seccion: LIABILITIES) ---
January 2024 program In January 2024, Nokias Board of Directors initiated a share buyback program targeting to return up to EUR 600 million of cash to shareholders in tranches over a period of two years.

With regards to shareholder remuneration, Nokia targets recurring, stable and over time growing ordinary dividend payments, taking into account the previous years earnings as well as the Companys financial position and business outlook. Nokia may also use share repurchases as a tool to manage its capital structure through the reduction of capital and distribute excess cash to the shareholders.

The purchases under the first phase of the program commenced on 20 March 2024. In July 2024, Nokia announced it had decided to accelerate the repurchases in a way that the whole share buyback program would be completed by the end of 2024. During the program, which ended on 21 November 2024, Nokia repurchased 157646220 shares. The aggregate purchase price of all shares acquired was EUR 600 million, and the average price per share was EUR 3.81.

--- zona 9 (seccion: N/A) ---
Our ability to invest in new competitive high-quality products and services, such as 5G-Advanced, Open RAN, 6G, the Internet of Things (IoT), the cloud or software, upgrades and technologies that have accurately anticipated technological, regulatory and market trends;

Uncertainty relating to the evolving geopolitical environment, global regulatory and standardization landscape relating to intellectual property;

Developments in the concentrated smartphone market, the source of a significant portion of our patent licensing income;

Severity of inefficiencies, incidents, malfunctions or disruptions of our information technology systems and processes or disruptions of services relying on our own or third-party IT, including cybersecurity threats and incidents;

Actual or perceived security or privacy breaches, as well as defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our technology and that of third-party providers;

Our ability to renew existing license agreements and conclude new license agreements regarding our intellectual property that we license to others on acceptable commercial terms, and the timing, cost, and potential need for litigation to achieve such renewals and new license agreements;

Our manufacturing, service creation, delivery, logistics or supply chain to operate without significant interruptions or shortages, including the impacts of geopolitical tensions and open conflicts feeding uncertainty in the global supply chain;

Claims that we have allegedly infringed third parties IPR; and

Performance capabilities of our partners and suppliers, and their high standards to meet product quality, health, safety or security requirements or comply with other regulations or local laws, such as environmental or labor laws;

Natural or man-made disasters, military actions, wars, labor unrest, civil unrest or health crises, such as another global pandemic, impacting our service delivery or production sites or the production sites of our suppliers, which are geographically concentrated; and

--- zona 10 (seccion: N/A) ---
For theyear ended 31 December 2024 compared to theyear ended 31 December 2023 The following table sets forth the segment operating results and the percentage of net sales for the years indicated.

Operating expenses Cloud and Network Services research and development expenses were EUR 556 million in 2024, a decrease of EUR 21 million or 4%, compared to EUR 577 million in 2023. The decrease in research and development expenses largely reflected continued discipline on cost control and the impact of the previously mentioned disposal, somewhat offset by higher variable pay accruals.

Cloud and Network Services selling, general and administrative expenses were EUR 474 million in 2024, a decrease of EUR 20 million, or 4%, compared to EUR 494 million in 2023. The decrease in Cloud and Network Services selling, general and administrative expenses largely reflected continued discipline on cost control, somewhat offset by higher variable pay accruals.

Net sales Cloud and Network Services net sales in 2024 were EUR 3022 million, a decrease of EUR198million, or 6%, compared to EUR 3220 million in 2023. In addition to the slight negative impact from foreign exchange fluctuations, net sales in Cloud and Network Services reflected the impact of the disposal of the Device Management and Service Management Platform businesses during 2024, as well as declines in Cloud and Cognitive Services and Core Networks. This was slightly offset by growth in Enterprise Campus Edge. Net sales declined less than 1% due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations in 2024.

Cloud and Network Services other operating income and expenses was an income of EUR44million in 2024, a change of EUR 6 million compared to an income of EUR 50 million in 2023.

==============================================================================
INFORME: AXA S.A | FRANCIA | 2021 | Annual report
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: 20.2 DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS BY IAS39 TYPE OF HEDGE) ---
limit equity risk;

AXA is increasing or decreasing its derivative positions in accordance with AXAs governance framework for derivatives. In particular, hedging activities are one of the most important instruments to decrease the risk of the options and guarantees that are embedded in some Life& Savings and Property& Casualty products; they also lead to a reduction of the capital requirements for those business activities under SolvencyII. The various policies that AXA applies with reference to the use of

limit credit risk about certain investments in corporate debt instruments.

--- zona 2 (seccion: CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS) ---
contributed to the selection process of the future members of the Board of Directors and its Committees;

Mr.DenisDuverne, Chairman of AXAs Board of Directors, shall retire, as planned, at the end of his current mandate in April2022. Following a comprehensive succession process led by the Compensation &Governance Committee of AXAs Board over the past twoyears, AXAs Board of Directors unanimously decided to appoint Mr.AntoineGosset-Grainville as Chairman of the Board of Directors replacing Mr.DenisDuverne.

contributed to the review of all communications made to shareholders in particular on corporate governance topics and Executive Management compensation.

He reported on his activities at the Shareholders Meeting of April29, 2021.

--- zona 3 (seccion: INSURANCE ACTIVITIES) ---
The United States Property sector endured another costly year, with weather disasters causing materially higher damage than previous years, primarily due to a very active Atlantic hurricane season with 21 named tropical storms, most notably hurricane Ida damaging New Orleans and causing flooding in New Jersey and New York City. The United States also recorded exceptional winter storms in Texas in February, as well as Tornadoes hitting6 Central and Southeastern States, mainly Colorado, in December. Aft er suff ering material COVID-19 losses last year, the sector recovered partially in 2021, as a consequence of eff ective vaccination campaigns and overall lower mobility restrictions enforced by public authorities. These developments supported carriers to restore profitability through increased pricing, tighter terms and conditions, as well as more selective capacity deployment.

In International markets, the Property & Casualty insurance market showed a positive dynamic mainly in Commercial lines in Mexico and Brazil. The Health business experienced a further strong growth in Mexico in a context of high inflation environment, and was impacted significantly by a higher frequency of COVID-19 cases.

Rankings and Market shares

--- zona 4 (seccion: 5.3 MARKET RISKS) ---
a change in yields on fixed-income investments (linked to changes in interest rates or in credit spreads) aff ects the market value of investments and liabilities and could impact adversely the Groups solvency position, and increase policyholders surrenders due to competitive pressures;

AXA Groups exposure to market risks is covered by AXA Groups Solvency Capital Requirement metric, as detailed in the paragraph Internal Model in Section5.2Internal Control and Risk Management of this Annual Report and is taken into account in AXAs Liquidity Risk Management framework (please refer to Section5.5Liquidity Risk of this Annual Report).

a decline in asset market value (relating, for example, to equity, real estate, or alternatives,etc.) could adversely impact the Groups solvency position, as well as available surplus;

I Risk control and risk mitigation

As regards the market risks relating to the management of holding companies foreign exchange and interest rates exposure, the following Risk Management measures have been defined and implemented.

For more information on the AXA Groups risk controls and Risk Management processes, please refer to Section5.2Internal Control and Risk Management of this Annual Report.

In addition, AXA Groups investment strategy, which is mainly driven by Asset &Liability Management, aims to meet the Groups obligations and commitments to policyholders, and to protect the solvency of the Group and of its entities (please refer to paragraph Governance of investment strategy and Asset &Liability Management (ALM) in Section5.2Internal Control and Risk Management of this Annual Report).

For the purpose of optimizing the financial management and control of financial risks linked to AXASA and its sub-holding companies, the Group Corporate Finance and Treasury Department has defined a methodology to monitor and assess financial risks.

The policy on the management of holding companies interest rate risk aims at monitoring and limiting the potential mediumterm variation in interest expenses and consequently at partially protecting future levels of interest expenses against movements in interest rates. Regarding foreign exchange risk, the implemented policys objective is to limit variations in net foreign currency-denominated assets resulting from movements in exchange rates. The purpose of the policy is therefore to protect partially the value of AXAs net foreign-currency investments in its subsidiaries to the extent of the followingyears foreseeable dividends and more generally the exposure of AXASAs liquidity to FX movements.

Local operating units have the primary responsibility for managing their market-related risks, while abiding by the risk framework defined at Group-level, in terms of limits/thresholds and standards. This approach aims to allow a swift reaction in an accurate and targeted manner to changes in financial markets, political and economic environments in which the Group operates.

A wide variety of Risk Management techniques are used to control and mitigate the market risks to which the Group is exposed. These techniques, used primarily in all operating subsidiaries, include:

AXA regularly monitors its exchange rate hedging strategy and will continue to review its eff ectiveness and the potential need to adapt it taking into account impacts on earnings, value, solvency, gearing ratio and liquidity.

local risk appetite governance and processes, including functional limits on market risks defined locally and approved by the local Board or Executive Committee;

Asset &Liability Management (ALM), i.e. defining an optimal strategic asset allocation with respect to the liabilities structure in order to reduce the risk to a desired level;

The Group Corporate Finance and Treasury Department is in charge of producing reporting data that consolidate interest rate, foreign exchange and liquidity risk exposures, as well as the interest expenses of AXASA and its sub-holdings. This reporting also includes medium-term forecasts.

a disciplined investment process, requiring for any sophisticated investment a formal thorough analysis by the Investment Department, and a second opinion by Risk Management;

Synthetic reports, including information about hedging strategies, are sent to and reviewed by the Finance Committee of AXAs Board of Directors five times ayear.

--- zona 5 (seccion: ANNUAL DEFERRED VARIABLE COMPENSATION) ---
The variable compensation deferral is subject to a malus mechanism which, while not required by applicable laws in France, is designed to further align AXA with international practices and regulations on executive compensation in the financial services industry.

global variable compensation. In this context, the number of LTIs granted is set so that the executives are between the median and the 3rdquartile of market references considering the global amount of the variable part (comprised of one part in cash and one part in LTIs). The Compensation &Governance Committee and the Board of Directors however ensure that the Performance Shares granted to the Group executives and valued in accordance with IFRSstandards are not disproportionate compared to the aggregate compensation and shares granted to the executives concerned.

At the end of February2022,(i)the second tranche of Mr.Thomas Buberls deferred variable compensation for the 2019fiscalyear, i.e. an amount of 214,241,and (ii)the first tranche of Mr.Thomas Buberls deferred variable compensation for the 2020fiscalyear i.e. an amount of 186,615were paid.

--- zona 6 (seccion: JUSTIFICATION OF ASSESSMENTS KEY AUDIT MATTERS) ---
Our audit approach to the risk relating to the valuation of these liabilities and assets in the Life& Savings line of business was as follows:

we assessed the compliance of the methodology with current accounting standards; we updated our knowledge of the methodologies for measuring future policy benefit reserves covering these contracts as well as the models used to calculate the reserves and evaluated their appropriateness; we assessed the IT systems used to process the technical data and integrate that data into the accounting system; we assessed the design of the internal control system and tested the operating eff ectiveness of the internal controls we deemed key to our audit; we tested, on a sample basis and based on our risk assessment, the calculation models applied to estimate the future cash flows used to determine the future policy benefit reserves and for the liability adequacy tests; we applied procedures to test the reliability of the underlying data used in the models and reserve calculations; we evaluated the reasonability of the assumptions used by management and the sensitivity of the models to the assumptions; we applied analytical procedures with a view to identifying and analyzing any material unusual and/or unexpected changes.

The primary assumptions that must be made as part of the valuation include assumptions about mortality, longevity, lapses, morbidity, disability and costs as well as economic assumptions such as interest rates and equity market performance.

As described in Notes1.14.2 and 4.4 to the consolidated financial statements, measurements of Life& Savings technical reserves are as follows:

--- zona 7 (seccion: LAUNCH OF THE AXA FOR PROGRESS INDEX) ---
Jacques de Peretti, Senior Advisor;

reduction of the carbon footprint of the General Account assets by 20% by 2025,

Antimo Perretta, CEO of AXA Europe and Latin America;

Karima Silvent, Group Chief Human Resources Off icer;

development of the green investment portfolio to reach 26billion by 2023;

Gordon Watson, CEO of AXA Asia and Africa.

Insurance

The implementation of these changes was subject to consultation with social partners and regulatory authorities where applicable.

strengthening the share of insurance products with a positive impact on the environment, through the guarantees or services off ered,

promotion of inclusive insurance for vulnerable populations;

Corporate Responsibility

On April9, 2021, AXA announced the appointment of Jef Van In, previously CEO of AXA Belgium, as CEO of AXA Next and Group Chief Innovation Off icer, eff ective July1, 2021. He reports to Antimo Perretta, CEO of AXA Europe and Latin America and a Member of AXAs Management Committee. Jef Van In replaced Delphine Maisonneuve who decided to take on a new role outside of AXA.

training all employees on climate issues by 2023,

carbon neutrality of our activities by 2025 by reducing emissions from our operations by 20% and off setting residual emissions.

The AXA For Progress Index will also incorporate AXAs position in the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment, which recognizes the most responsible companies in the financial sector.

In addition to his new role as CEO of AXA Next and AXA Groups Chief Innovation Off icer, Jef Van In was appointed CEO of AXA Partners, eff ective as of August1, 2021.

On the same day, as it does every year at the time of its Annual Shareholders Meeting, AXA released the new edition of its Integrated Report, which looks back on 2020 through the analysis of external experts, discusses the Groups results and strategic outlook and reports its financial, environmental and social impact. This report is available on AXAs website at: en/about-us/2020-integrated-report.

During the Shareholders Meeting held on April29, 2021, all resolutions recommended by the Board of Directors were approved by AXAs shareholders, including:

--- zona 8 (seccion: RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT 5) ---
managing and consolidating the European Embedded Value processes, related actuarial indicators and the SolvencyII Own Funds;

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting (ICOFR)

2. IFC Management reports are required to be submitted by the Chief Financial Off icer or another senior executive of every in-scope entity, as part of the IFC program dedicated to ICOFR;

--- zona 9 (seccion: 5.4 CREDIT RISK) ---
On sovereign exposures, specific limits have also been defined on government bonds and government-guaranteed bonds.

Compliance with the limits is ensured by the Group through defined governance. The Group Credit Risk Committee handles, on a monthly basis, the issuer exposure breaches to the Groups limits and determines coordinated actions for excessive credit concentrations. A Group Credit Team reporting to the Group Chief Investment Off icer (Group CIO) provides credit analyses independently from Group asset managers, in addition to local CIO teams. The Group Financial Risk Committee is regularly kept informed of the main credit risks.

As at December31, 2021, the breakdown of the debt security portfolio (402billion) by credit rating category was as follows:

The AXA Group, as part of its investment and credit Risk Management activities, uses strategies that involve credit derivatives (mostly Credit Default Swaps or CDS), which are mainly used as an alternative to debt security portfolios, when coupled with government debt securities, but also as a protection on single corporate names or specific portfolios.

Other

--- zona 10 (seccion: IFRS REQUIREMENTS ADOPTED ON JANUARY1, 2021) ---
In addition, a simplified Premium Allocation Approach (PAA) is permitted for the measurement of the liability for remaining coverage if it provides a measurement that is not materially diff erent from the general model or if the coverage period is one year or less. With the PAA, the liability for remaining coverage corresponds to premiums received at initial recognition less acquisition costs and amounts already recognized as insurance revenue at the closing date. However, the general model remains applicable for the measurement of incurred claims.

and a risk adjustment for non-financial risk;

the Contractual Service Margin (CSM).

==============================================================================
INFORME: AXA S.A | FRANCIA | 2022 | Annual report
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 3) ---
Since 2020, the annual grant of shares subject to performance conditions occurs in March in order to simplify the structure of the senior executives total variable compensation, so that they are granted (i) a variable compensation in the form of cash (annual bonus), and (ii) shares during the same month.

For the Performance Shares granted in 2022, the global performance rate was calculated as follows: 30% performance of the operating business (cash remittance) + 30% performance of the operating business (underlying earnings) + 10% sustainability strategy (S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment) (DJSI) + 10% sustainability strategy (operations carbon emission) + 10% sustainability strategy (Inclusion and Diversity portion of women within the Groups executive population) + 10% Group financial relative performance (TSR), all capped at 130%.

Each beneficiary receives an initial preliminary allocation of shares subject to performance conditions (Performance Shares or Restricted Shares) which is then used as a reference to calculate the number of shares that will be definitely granted at the end of a 3-year performance period.

--- zona 2 (seccion: ACTIVITIES) ---
3. Description of major risk factors and uncertainties

4. Internal control and Risk Management procedures

5. Acquisition of significant equity interests in companies headquartered in France

--- zona 3 (seccion: NEW PRODUCT INITIATIVES) ---
In Switzerland, besides the further development of several services and partnerships currently launched with the ambition to better assist customers, a new modular Motor insurance product applying sophisticated pricing techniques has been successfully introduced;

In Germany, AXA launched a new Unit-Linked regular premium pension product Greeninvest Fondsrente to off er individual customers a valuable product with investments in sustainable funds and portfolios grouping ecological, social and ethics considerations;

In Spain, with developing the strategic partnership with Correos to better distribute AXAs products across all Spanish regions, benefitting from the extended network, particularly in rural areas.

--- zona 4 (seccion: REGULATORY CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS) ---
set forth in Directive 2014/51/EU (Omnibus II), which amended the Solvency II Directive, as they were previously eligible under the Solvency I regime and were issued prior to the entry into force of Delegated Regulation EU 2015/35 of October 10, 2014.

If the Groups Solvency II ratio were to deviate excessively below its target level of 190%, AXA may take measures to improve it, such as being more selective on growth initiatives, increasing reinsurance or reducing its appetite for investment risk. In all cases, AXAs policy is to maintain its Group Solvency II ratio above its risk appetite limit level of 140%.

The Company has issued dated subordinated notes (TSR), undated subordinated notes (TSDI) and undated deeply subordinated notes (TSS), which include provisions designed to allow the Company to ensure the continuity of its activities in the event its financial position deteriorates.

--- zona 5 (seccion: RISK FACTORS AND RISK MANAGEMENT 5) ---
( (1).

Although we take measures, including hedging through derivative instruments, to manage the economic risks of investing in a changing interest-rate environment, we may not be able to mitigate the interest rate risk of our assets relative to our liabilities. Accordingly, ongoing volatility in interest rates and credit spreads, individually or in tandem with other factors, could have a material adverse eff ect on our solvency position, and on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows through realized losses, impairments, and changes in unrealized gains and loss positions.

Conversely, negative interest rates and low levels of interest rates generally, such as those experienced in recent prior years, have impacted in the past, and may negatively impact again, our net investment income and the profitability of our Life & Savings business. In-force l ife insurance and annuity products may become comparatively more attractive to customers in a declining interest-rate environment, resulting in an increase in our liabilities (in particular in relation to flexible-premium products), asset-liability duration mismatches (as more policies and contracts remain in-force from year-to-year) and an increase in provisions for guarantees included in l ife insurance and annuity products.

--- zona 6 (seccion: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 3) ---
Ramon Fernandez

Member of the Board of Directors of AXA (independent) Deputy Chief Executive Off icer (Directeur Gnral Adjoint) of Orange Born on June 25, 1967 French nationality Appointed on April 29, 2021 Term expires at the 2025 Shareholders Meeting First appointment on April 29, 2021 Chairman of the AXA Finance & Risk Committee Member of the AXA Audit Committee

Expertise and experience Mr. Andr Franois-Poncet graduated from cole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales (HEC) and holds a Master in Business Administration (MBA) from the Harvard Business School. He began his career, in 1984, at Morgan Stanley in New York and then in London and in Paris, where he was in charge of the opening of Morgan Stanley French off ice. Aft er a sixteen-year career at Morgan Stanley, he joined, in 2000, BC Partners (Paris and London) as Managing Partner until December 2014 and then as Senior Advisor until December 2015. From September 2016 to December 2017, Mr. Andr Franois-Poncet was a Partner at the French asset manager CIAM in Paris. From January 2018 to December 2022, Mr. Andr Franois-Poncet was Group CEO of Wendel SE and Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors of Bureau Veritas.

--- zona 7 (seccion: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 3) ---
Achievement rate

AXAs score versus S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment (DJSI) 10% 85th percentile 99th percentile 130% 130% 130%

(a) The average AXA share price growth is compared to the average SXIP growth. (b) The conversion rate of the shares initially granted to the Management Committee members for 2019 and 2020 plans is capped to 80%, in accordance with the dispositions approved by General Shareholders Meeting of April 29, 2021.

--- zona 8 (seccion: 1.2 GENERAL ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES) ---
The presentation of the consolidated income statement of the reporting period is not restated as the eff ect of the restatement is not material. The comparative information is not restated.

Status of the IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 implementation program In order to adopt these two new standards in its Consolidated Financial Statements, AXA conducted a global implementation program launched in 2016. This program involved both the central functions and all the entities included in the Groups consolidation scope, covered various aspects such as methodology, modelling, information systems, accounting and reporting, risk management, internal control, etc., and required the update of existing tools or the creation of new dedicated ones.

AXA will apply IFRS 17 - Insurance C ontracts and IFRS 9 - Financial I nstruments for the first time on January 1, 2023.

--- zona 9 (seccion: REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS) ---
Obtains suff icient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. The statutory auditor is responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the consolidated financial statements and for the opinion expressed on these consolidated financial statements.

We submit to the Audit Committee a report which includes in particular a description of the scope of the audit and the audit program implemented, as well as the results of our audit. We also report significant deficiencies, if any, in internal control regarding the accounting and financial reporting procedures that we have identified.

Our report to the Audit Committee includes the risks of material misstatement that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and which are therefore the key audit matters that we are required to describe in this report.

We also provide the Audit Committee with the declaration provided for in Article 6 of Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014, confirming our independence within the meaning of the rules applicable in France as set out in particular in Articles L. 822-10 to L. 822-14 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and in the French Code of Ethics for Statutory Auditors (Code de dontologie de la profession de commissaire aux comptes). Where appropriate, we discuss with the Audit Committee the risks that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and the related safeguards.

Neuilly-sur-Seine and Paris-La Dfense, March 20, 2023

--- zona 10 (seccion: SENIOR INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR) ---
the review of the ORSA Own Risk and Solvency Assessment report and AXAs Internal Model as well as other written policies required under Solvency II;

In addition, the Senior Independent Director may convene meetings of independent members of the Board, without the presence of the Chairman and Executive Management, in particular, to assess the performance of the Chairman, review his compensation and prepare his succession plan. He may also request the Chairman to convene the Board on a specific agenda.

the Groups Pre-emptive Recovery Plan;

internal control and r isk m anagement;

the setting of AXA SAs risk appetite;

the review of the annual reinsurance programme;

the review of the Groups Corporate Responsibility strategy and environmental policy;

The Senior Independent Director reports on his activities to the Shareholders Meeting.

In 2022, the Senior Independent Director, also acting as Chairman of the Compensation, Governance & Sustainability Committee:

the approval of non-audit services;

==============================================================================
INFORME: SANOFI-AVENTIS S.A | FRANCIA | 2020 | Informe de sostenibilidad
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: COVID-19) ---
Good Distribution Practice (GDP), Good Laboratory Practice (GLP), Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) and Good Pharmacovigilance Practice (GPVP) as well as other regulatory requirements relating to human health.

Our Quality Policy and Quality Manual are the cornerstones of our commitment as regards both our regulatory compliance obligations and our obligations to patients. They serve as vectors to ensure that our quality management principles are fully deployed within Sanofi and are central to our vision of Quality culture.

Practical measures taken to implement the Sanofi quality management system include:

Our Global Business Units, support functions, sites and country-level operations are subject to regular audits by a dedicated Global Quality Audit team, tasked with giving senior management a clear and impartial evaluation of compliance with the Sanofi quality management system. A risk-based approach is used to determine the frequency and duration of audits, and the number of auditors involved. The Global Quality audit team also handles preparations for official inspections. Our Global Quality Audit activities obtained ISO 17020:2012 certification in July 2019.

Throughout the physical journey undertaken by Sanofi products, we maintain the same levels of quality, security and traceability for all our products. To do this, we use technology to protect our products against attempts at misappropriation, counterfeiting or falsification. These include tamper-proof packaging, authentication stickers to combat counterfeiting, and serialization for traceability. And at every stage in the logistics chain, Sanofi ensures that products are stored, transported and delivered in appropriate conditions compatible with maintaining product quality.

Quality risk management is integral to Sanofis control and governance system. This means we can take appropriate decisions and provide assurances to regulators about our ability to anticipate and prevent potential crises. Our approach addresses risk both reactively and proactively. In reactive mode, we deal rapidly and efficiently with any quality issue, deploying corrective actions and adequate preventive measures. In proactive mode, we monitor internal and external information sources to identify potential risks so that we can take preventive measures.

Sanofi has identified the quality culture as an essential factor in our corporate performance and in delivering on our strategy. To catalyze the impact on enterprise value, we founded our Quality Academy, which offers training programs to help ensure that our people are always properly trained and qualified. The Academy is complemented at operational level by practice communities, sharing and discussing quality-related issues and processes.

Highlights of 2020 were:

--- zona 2 (seccion: [GRI 102-16, GRI 205-1, GRI 205-2]) ---
Training:

92,512 employees followed at least one Ethics & Business Integrity training module.

A total of 171,554 Ethics & Business Integrity training modules were followed in the year.

Whistle-blowing hotline:

--- zona 3 (seccion: COVID-19) ---
4.2.5. Medical ethics and bioethics

4.2.5.1. Scientific and medical integrity Patient safety in clinical trials

4.2.5.1.1. Organization

Sanofi Bioethics Committee

Sanofi set up an internal Bioethics Committee in 2012 to ensure that we conduct our scientific and medical activities to high ethical standards, and with a view to constant improvement. The Committee is chaired by our Chief Medical Officer. Bioethics governance at Sanofi is reviewed regularly to ensure that we take greater account of stakeholder expectations and of the central role of patients, combined with better transparency. Our internal Bioethics Committee draws on recommendations from an Advisory Bioethics Council (ABC), set up in 2018 and consisting of independent, international members with acknowledged expertise in bioethics, which gives advice on key bioethics issues so we can improve our practices and anticipate potential ethical issues when developing innovative healthcare solutions.

The Bioethics Committee establishes Sanofis positions on bioethics and ensures that its policies are implemented operationally. We have also reaffirmed our determination to move towards greater transparency, both on clinical trials and on the policies adopted by our Bioethics Committee, which are now publicly available on Issues addressed by the Bioethics Committee are suggested by its members, based on the latest developments in the field or questions raised internally.

The independent bioethics experts who form the ABC have varied university backgrounds (medicine, law, philosophy), and work in Europe, Asia or North America. The ABC continued to operate remotely though 2020. The issues dealt with by the ABC are determined by consultation between ABC members and the Sanofi Bioethics Committee, and address bioethics issues arising in Sanofis sphere of operations. Sanofi is committed to taking account of their recommendations, and to informing the Board of Directors that these recommendations are being implemented (or if not, of the reasons why).

--- zona 4 (seccion: COVID-19) ---
4.2.5.1.2.1. Bioethics and research

Our Bioethics Committee takes a close interest in the ethical use of new technologies in our scientific activities. In particular, we have published a policy on gene editing and gene therapy technologies, which describes the opportunities for those technologies but also sets limits on their use.

4.2.5.1.2.2. Medical ethics and clinical trials

--- zona 5 (seccion: [GRI 305-5]) ---
2020 progress against:

2019 2015 (baseline year) Contribution to SDGs

Environmental issue

Industrial, R&D and tertiary sites for Scopes 1 & 2 (including medical rep fleet) 50% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions (CO2 equivalent) by 2025 (relative to 2015)

SDG 13: Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts

Climate change and carbon footprint (CO2 emissions)

Achieve carbon neutrality in 2050 for emissions caused by our operations

Water (withdrawal) Industrial, R&D and tertiary sites 10% reduction in water consumption by 2020 (relative to 2015)

SDG 6: Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all

Management plan at all sites (priority to those in water stress zones) Ongoing

Industrial and R&D sites Emission management plan: At all priority sites by 2020 At all sites by 2025 Ongoing

SDG 12: Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns SDG 12.4: By 2020, achieve environmentally sound management of chemicals and all wastes throughout their life cycle, in accordance with agreed international frameworks, and significantly reduce their release to air, water and soil in order to minimize their adverse impacts on human health and the environment SDG 12.5: By 2030, substantially reduce waste generation through prevention, reduction, recycling and reuse

Pharmaceutical products in the environment

Waste Industrial, R&D and tertiary sites Recycle/Reuse/Recover (3R) rate > 90% by 2025 (> 80% in 2020)

Landfill disposal rate < 1% by 2025 (< 3% in 2020)

Biodiversity Biodiversity awareness plan at all sites Local initiatives SDG 15: Protect and restore terrestrial ecosystems, and halt biodiversity loss

During 2020, we carried out an update of our environmental objectives to 2025 and 2030, in line with our major Planet Mobilization commitments described above.

Because we want to play our part in combating climate change, we have pledged to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. To help us achieve this, we are aiming to reduce greenhouse gas emissions related to our operations (Scopes 1 & 2) by more than half by 2030 (a 55% cut versus 2019). We are also aiming to reduce indirect emissions related to our value chain (Scope 3) by 14%. During 2020, our objectives were validated by the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi), giving them a scientific seal of approval as part of the planet-wide efforts needed to limit global warming to 1.5C.

And we are going further: in 2020, we signed up to the RE100 initiative, reinforcing our ambition to use 100% renewably sourced electricity across the entire Sanofi scope by 2030.

We have also pledged to optimize our vehicle fleet (subject to availability of suitable models) in the regions where we operate, so as to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from our fleet. Our aim is that by 2030, our vehicle fleet should have a neutral carbon footprint.

We are fully aware of the environmental and public health issues around the use of water in our industrial operations. That is why we perform regular risk assessments at all of our industrial sites aimed at reducing their water footprint. This enables us to identify priority sites that call for particular attention, which are required to implement water management plans by 2025. Those plans will reflect the specific issues at each site, and will help us use water effectively, sustainably and responsibly. A program of this type will be rolled out to all our industrial sites by 2030.

Similarly, by 2025 all our production sites will have implemented a plan to manage pharmaceutical residues in the environment so as to reduce their potential impact on ecosystems.

Reducing our environmental footprint also involves local biodiversity management. So our sites that are located close to sensitive natural spaces will have to work with local stakeholders to develop a biodiversity protection program by 2025. Finally, we are committed to continuing

4.2. Detailed description of SEF issues and risks

our efforts in terms of waste management. Our objective is that by 2025, over 90% of our waste will be recycled, reused or recovered via waste-to-energy), and we will no longer use landfill.

Improving the environmental profile of our products is a priority for Sanofi. We are actioning this by extending the scope of the voluntary environmental impact assessments we carry out on our medicines. By 2025, we will have performed assessments on our top 100 medicines and on all newly launched medicines, regardless of whether there is any regulatory requirement to do so. We will also deploy pilot schemes to promote the responsible use of medicines, and the proper disposal of unused medicines, medical devices, and packaging. These pilot schemes will form the basis of a global program, to be rolled out by 2030.

All our people, from R&D through to marketing, are working to build eco-design into all new products launched between now and 2025 and improve the eco-profile of our currently marketed products, while retaining as our absolute priority the treatment of health conditions and patient access to healthcare.

4.2.10.2. Climate change: towards carbon neutrality

As a major player in the pharmaceutical industry and the world of healthcare we are committed to combatting and adapting to climate change, drawing on our expertise in prevention, research and treatment. We publicly share our achievements in limiting our environmental footprint on a regular basis, and our strategy for anticipating the health impact of climate change in areas such as pollution-related allergies and vector-borne diseases like dengue and malaria (see section 4.2.10.2.4, Climate-related health issues).

At the 21st Conference of the Parties (COP 21) on climate change in 2015, we signed up to the appeal for business to mobilize against climate change. We reiterated that commitment at the One Planet Summit organized by the French government in December 2017. In 2019, Sanofi was one of the 99 major French companies to sign the MEDEF French Business Climate Pledge.

In June 2020, the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) validated our objectives for reducing absolute emissions of greenhouse gas (GHG), both for our own operations (Scopes 1 & 2) and for indirect emissions associated with our value chain (Scope 3). Our objectives are based on the science and will contribute to limiting global warming to 1.5C, in line with the 2012 Paris Agreement.

More broadly, Sanofi has embarked on a climate resilience strategy. That means that climate-related risks and opportunities are being evaluated in order to prepare our business for the changes brought about by climate disruption.

We apply the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), an initiative that we have officially supported since December 2020. Detailed information is available in our public response to the CDP Climate Change Questionnaire. A summary of that information is provided below.

Governance of climate issues at senior management level

Planet Mobilization is Sanofis environmental and sustainable development program. That program is led by the Planet Mobilization Steering Committee, as described in the roadmap (see section 4.2.10.1, The Planet Mobilization Roadmap). As part of the Planet Mobilization governance structure, we have separate operational committees dedicated to each environmental issue, including a climate change committee that met four times during 2020.

The Climate Change Operational Committee addresses issues around our pledge to limit global warming to 1.5C across our entire value chain, and to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. The Committee reports to the Planet Mobilization Steering Committee.

We also have a Climate-Related Risk & Opportunities (TCFD) Committee, which works across all the pillars of our environmental strategy (in liaison with the Planet Mobilization Steering Committee) to drive the program around the TCFD recommendations. The committee consists of our heads of Environment, Risk Management and Insurance; the head of HSE for our R&D operations; senior representatives from Corporate Strategy, Finance and HSE; and a member of our Legal Affairs team.

Strategy

Risks and opportunities

We have identified a number of specific climate-related risks and opportunities within our overall risk management process. These include transition risks and physical risks, but also business development opportunities.

Impacts on strategy, business and financial planning

Climate change is integral to the corporate strategy reflected in our Planet Mobilization roadmap.

Scenario analysis

Our Climate Committee has conducted in-depth case studies, classified by time horizon, to illustrate those risks and opportunities. Examples include a risk of production shutdown at a key site affected by a natural disaster, or our response to vector-borne or respiratory diseases. The Committee also assessed the materiality of scenarios with significant financial impacts.

Risk management

Identification, evaluation and management of risks and opportunities integrated into our global risk management process

Identifying, evaluating and responding to climate risks is fully integrated into the risk management process applied across the whole of Sanofi. All risks are evaluated for their environmental impact.

4.2. Detailed description of SEFP issues and risks

We have identified climate change, and its impact on health (including the impact of climate change on the Sanofi ecosystem and business model) as an emerging risk.

Objectives and indicators

Objectives

We disclose our climate objectives, including on global warming, our carbon footprint, and water and waste management (see section 4.2.10.1., The Planet Mobilization roadmap).

We also disclose the timescale for our climate objectives, and the baseline year (see section 4.2.10.1., The Planet Mobilization roadmap).

Key performance indicators

We disclose key performance indicators that measure progress towards our objectives in terms of energy, greenhouse gas emissions, water and waste (see section 4.2.10.1., The Planet Mobilization roadmap), as well as other environmental indicators.

Our greenhouse gas emissions are calculated in accordance with the GHG Protocol (see section 4.2.10.2.2., Greenhouse gas emissions).

Our performance is also being evaluated by the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) using their Climate Change questionnaire. In the 2020 CDP scores based on 2019 data, Sanofi was ranked A-.

4.2.10.2.1. Energy

4.2.10.2.1.1. Improve energy efficiency and encourage the use of renewables

To address the challenges of diminishing fossil fuel resources and climate change, we have adopted an approach that combines energy efficiency (consume less, consume smarter) with decarbonization of our energy supplies (consume differently).

Our energy efficiency approach extends to all our activities, buildings, processes and utilities. It takes in the architectural and functional design of new buildings, and our medical rep vehicle fleets. An energy saving program is in place at all of our sites. In 2020, 28 of our sites received ISO 50001 certification (Energy Management Systems). Various levers are being activated (depending on the activity carried on at the site), with a specific focus on air treatment systems that ensure high-quality environments in manufacturing and R&D buildings, which can account for up to 70% of energy consumption. However, these systems are important for the quality and safety of our medicines, and any alterations must be validated.

We have issued standards requiring energy efficiency to be built into the design and selection of plant and equipment that use energy. Our Sustainable Buildings Charter also helps promote energy-efficient buildings. At the end of 2020, over ten of our administrative buildings were certified LEED, BREEAM or HQE.

We also operate a low-carbon energy policy, favoring the use of lower-carbon energies for our projects and buying in electricity from certified renewable sources. In September 2020, we made a public pledge that by 2030, 100% of the electricity we consume will come from renewable sources, by signing up as a Gold Member of the RE100 initiative. In just two years, Sanofi has raised its use of renewables from 2%, first to 11% and then to 26% of its electricity consumption. The renewables we use are accredited under the Renewable Electricity Certificates (REC) program.

Finally, we have a renewable electricity Power Purchase Agreement with Enel in Mexico to supply energy to our three Mexican sites.

4.2.10.2.1.2. Energy consumption

Energy consumption (MWh) 2020 2019

Electricity (a) 1,175,594 1,413,230 1,621,486

Renewables (b) (electricity and biofuels) 437,015 169,804 24,462 Other energy sources (bought-in steam, waste-to-energy, etc.) 481,846 486,436 443,287 Total 4,198,367 4,168,400 4,200,199

(a) Includes the country-level energy mix but excludes renewable electricity sourced from Sanofi in-house projects.

(b) Includes renewable electricity sourced from Sanofi in-house projects.

Our energy consumption is virtually unchanged relative to 2015 (0.04% lower), despite a 6% increase in our activity levels over the same period.

4.2. Detailed description of SEF issues and risks

4.2.10.2.2. Greenhouse gas emissions

4.2.10.2.2.1. Direct and indirect emissions: Scopes 1 & 2

The Planet Mobilization project sets more ambitious targets for reducing Scope 1 & 2 emissions, including our industrial, R&D and tertiary sites but also our vehicle fleet: we are targeting a 50% reduction by 2025 from the 2015 baseline. The ultimate goal is to be carbon neutral by 2050.

Alongside efforts to make our buildings and processes more energy efficient, we have introduced a policy for sales rep travel (including vehicle buying and eco-driving courses) that cut CO2e emissions by 51% between 2015 and 2020.

We also have policies in place for managing our use of refrigerants. These include switching to substitute refrigerants with a lower global warming impact, improving leak prevention, and systematically analyzing accidental discharges so that we can learn the lessons and share them across all our sites. In five years, we have reduced the impact of refrigerant discharges by 47%, from 53,000 tonnes of CO2 equivalent to 28,000 tonnes.

Greenhouse gases (Tonnes of CO2 e) (a) 2020 2019

Direct emissions 450,132 452,776 467,762

Scope 1

Direct emissions from medical rep vehicle fleet 65,196 99,313 133,837 Scope 2 Indirect emissions 255,866 353,782 461,775 Total 771,194 905,871 1,063,374

(a) CO2 e = CO2 equivalent.

Direct and indirect CO2e emissions were 15% lower in 2020 than in 2019.

Compared to 2015 (the baseline year for the Planet Mobilization program), direct and indirect emissions linked to energy consumption (Scopes 1 & 2) are down 27%.

In France, Scope 1 & 2 emissions represented 176,977 tonnes of CO2e (including 4,234 tonnes for our medical rep vehicle fleet), down 5% on the 2019 level (186,413 tonnes of CO2e, including 6,689 tonnes for our medical rep vehicle fleet).

4.2.10.2.2.2. Other indirect emissions: Scope 3

Including Scope 3 emissions gives a broad indication of total CO2e emissions generated by Sanofi across the entire value chain. Scope 3 calculations are based on a wide range of data, so there is a high degree of uncertainty. We are keen to improve the quality of our Scope 3 data year by year.

4.2. Detailed description of SEFP issues and risks

Scope 3 was calculated for the 15 categories listed in the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) protocol. In 2020, we brought our methodology and calculations in-house, to improve the quality of the data collected and fine-tune certain assumptions. We view all categories as important and analyze them with the relevant players, which makes it possible to measure our Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) commitment.

Scope 3 (Tonnes of CO2e) (a) 2020 2019

Calculated Scope 3 emissions (upstream)

Category 3: Fuel and energy-related activities 159,750 358,678

Category 5: Waste generated in operations 351,145 372,442

Sub-total: calculated Scope 3 emissions (upstream) 5,001,453 5,730,126

Estimated Scope 3 emissions (downstream)

Sub-total: estimated Scope 3 emissions (downstream) 553,949 391,948

(a) CO2 e = CO2 equivalent.

(b) GHG Protocol emission categories 8 and 13 (upstream and downstream leased assets) and 14 (franchises) are not material. We consider Category 15 (Investments) to be non-applicable, since emissions relating to products and services bought and sold in this way are already included in the other categories.

The reduction in 2020 compared with 2019 is mainly due to better-quality input data and assumptions, especially for Category 1 where the calculation is performed at product, raw material or finished goods level, reflecting the characteristics of each. Purchase volumes were stable year-on-year.

The variance in Category 3 reflects the use of new emission factors derived from the DEFRA/BEIS database. The calculation comprises upstream emissions from bought-in fuel and electricity, and losses through freight and logistics.

Business travel is separately monitored and is the focus of specific efforts. The COVID-19 pandemic was also a significant factor in reducing business travel.

The quantities of boxes and cardboard increased significantly in 2020 versus 2019, which had a knock-on effect on Category 12 emissions (end-of-life treatment of sold products).

4.2.10.2.3. Adapting to the consequences of climate change (4)

Extreme weather events caused by climate change could present a risk both to our production facilities and to our supply chain, right up to delivery of our products to patients. To guard against these risks, our facilities are constructed to the highest standards, using state-of-theart engineering techniques and taking maximum constraints into account in the design phase. In addition, during site visits, technical experts from our insurers issue recommendations for dealing with extreme weather conditions, such as putting in place emergency flood risk plans. Risks related to natural disasters are taken into consideration in our crisis management plan, across all levels of our production sites and supply chains.

4.2.10.2.4. Climate-related health issues

Climate change is one of the greatest health challenges of our century. The World Health Organization (WHO) expects that between 2030 and 2050, climate change will lead to nearly 250,000 additional deaths each year. The direct effects of climate change include increased heat-related stress, floods, droughts, and extreme weather events, such as hurricanes. However, there are also indirect effects, such as atmospheric pollution; the propagation of diseases by vectors such as mosquitoes; an exponential rise in the allergenic potential of pollens; displacement of people; and post-traumatic stress caused by natural disasters.

4 This paragraph contains the information required under the application decree of Article 173 of French law no 2015-992 on energy transition for green growth.

4.2. Detailed description of SEF issues and risks

We are also working on several research and development programs for climate-sensitive diseases, including:

fine-tuning an oral treatment for sleeping sickness;

--- zona 6 (seccion: [GRI 102-12, GRI 407-1, GRI 409-1]) ---
Sanofi distributes an HSE policy reference manual to all sites.

The manual sets out measures to be applied so that activities can be managed in a way that minimizes risks and impacts. It describes Sanofis standards and methodological tools and builds in the results of risk/opportunity analysis and expectations on the part of stakeholders including customers, NGOs, investors and civil society.

Seeking to improve at all times, the HSE department management has set out our HSE 2025 ambitions in a roadmap, backed by quantified objectives and action plans, that is shared across all levels of Sanofi.

--- zona 7 (seccion: [GRI 102-9, GRI 407-1, GRI 414-2]) ---
employees receiving training via iLearn during 2020 who left Sanofi during the year are included in the training data but not in the yearend workforce data; and

iLearn data include all employees (permanent, fixed-term, apprentices, interns, etc.) other than external contract staff; by contrast, workforce data include only employees on permanent and fixed-term contracts and apprentices.

4.5.2.1.5. Definition of grades

--- zona 8 (seccion: [GRI 102-41, GRI 403-4]) ---
4.2.1.4.1.2. Staff engagement

Our People Survey, rolled out Sanofi-wide in 2017 and repeated in 2018, provided benchmarks against which we could measure our future development. The survey data helped us identify and rank opportunities to improve employee engagement and our corporate performance. We outperformed the benchmarks in three areas: individual and team alignment with Sanofi objectives; engagement and pride in fulfilling our mission; and effective co-operation between teams.

However, despite some improvements, we still face key challenges in anticipating change, reducing bureaucracy, and cross-disciplinary cooperation within entities. In an ever-more difficult external environment, we need to become more agile if we are to be competitive.

Following the organizational changes under the Play to Win strategy, we did not repeat the People Survey in 2020. However, staff engagement remains high overall as shown by the voluntary staff turnover rate, which is less than 7%.

--- zona 9 (seccion: COVID-19) ---
4.2.6.1.3. Ensuring business continuity in a major crisis

We have continuity plans specific to our operations, so that in the event of a pandemic or major crisis (natural disaster, nuclear accident, humanitarian emergency, etc.) we can focus our efforts on simultaneously meeting all of the following objectives:

guaranteeing and safeguarding continuity of our operations;

--- zona 10 (seccion: [GRI 102-41, GRI 403-4]) ---
Whenever possible, Sanofi provides personalized employee benefit programs (medical, vision, dental, etc.) that allow employees to adjust their coverage according to their family situations and personal needs. These types of programs have been instituted in China, the United States, the United Kingdom and Ireland, for example.

In some countries, medical benefits also include programs focusing on prevention, vaccinations, screening (e.g. diabetes and skin cancer), nutritional advice, well-being, etc. In the United States and many other countries, employees can sign up to Take Care & Bwel!, Sanofis complete employee wellness program.

This program, initiated in 2012, aims to promote healthy lifestyles and prevent or delay the onset of chronic disease by focusing on four pillars: regular physical activity (Move Often), a balanced diet (Eat Well), sleep and stress management (Feel Good), and disease

4.2. Detailed description of SEFP issues and risks

prevention (Stay Healthy). The program uses interventions developed with the help of in-house and external experts and relies on dedicated resources and employee engagement.

The program operates in 62 countries and at 140 sites worldwide, representing 90% of audited sites with over 100 employees. Our goal is to continue with this program, supporting sites as they implement good practices adapted to a changing environment. Since 2017, we have developed novel initiatives to help our employees make lifestyle changes. These initiatives incorporate ground-breaking mobile apps developed in collaboration with the European Institute of Innovation and Technology for Health. Implementing these measures at industrial, administrative and R&D sites in France, China, the United Kingdom and Spain has led to significant changes in sedentary and sleep behaviors, as recorded in a published scientific paper (Montagni, 2019: Effectiveness of a Blended Web-Based Intervention to Raise Sleep Awareness at Workplace: The WarmUappTM Pilot Study, Journal of Occupational and Environmental Medicine). In 2019, we released a new digital app (Walk Well) that our employees can use to organize walking challenges at all our sites. Since then, numerous challenges have been completed by our employees, involving thousands of people. We have also been able to show that simple food labeling practices adopted in our corporate cafeterias are effective, and help our people make healthy eating choices in line with international nutritional recommendations (see Using Positive Nudge to Promote Healthy Eating at Worksite: A Food Labeling Intervention, Montagni et al, Journal of Occupational and Environmental Medicine, 2020).

During 2020, we adapted our wellness at work solutions in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. This included widely available online resources (exercise classes, stretching and relaxation sessions, and mindfulness), plus webinars offering psychological support and healthy lifestyle tips. We also intensified our distribution of online newsletters and advice to reach as many of our people as possible, with extra support for teleworkers, salespeople and shift workers.

4.2.1.5. Decisive culture

Like many other great companies, we value teamwork, respect, integrity and courage. What makes us special is how we are focusing on living those values through our Play to Win behaviors: Stretch, Take action, Act for patients and customers, Think Sanofi first1.

A culture shift takes more than posters and slogans. It involves changing our behaviors every day, everywhere: how we interact together, how we treat each other, what we do and dont tolerate, and how we keep holding each other accountable. This is a long-term project, with a three-to-five-year time horizon, which will permeate gradually within our organization.

==============================================================================
INFORME: TOTAL | FRANCIA | 2019 | URD
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: ACCOUNTING POLICIES) ---
These amounts represent binding obligations under contractual agreements to sell goods, including in particular unconditional hydrocarbon sales contracts (except where an active, highly-liquid market exists and when the volumes are expected to be re-sold shortly after purchase).

In the ordinary course of business, the Group executes contracts involving standard indemnities for the oil industry and indemnities specific to transactions such as sales of businesses. These indemnities might include claims against any of the following: environmental,

13.2 Lease contracts

--- zona 2 (seccion: GAS) ---
2.5.5 Products and services development

The Group develops technologically advanced products, some of which are formulated for use in motor sport competition before being generally released on the market, and continues its technical partnerships. The Group is notably associated with the PSA group, with which a cooperation agreement was renewed in late 2016 relating to R&D, business relations with the PSA brands (Peugeot, Citron, DS) and automobile racing. In 2019, TOTAL continued to supply DS Performance with lubricants specifically developed for the Formula E(1) championship. In addition, in 2018, TOTAL became the official supplier of fuel for various endurance racing championships(2), including the Le Mans 24 Hours, for five years. In 2019, this partnership was extended to include the supply of hydrogen to support the development of a hydrogen-powered endurance car for a category dedicated to the Le Mans 24 Hours race in 2024. These partnerships demonstrate TOTALs technical excellence in the formulation of fuels and lubricants under extreme conditions, subject to requirements to reduce fuel consumption, for the engines of the future.

Group intends to accelerate the development of this network to quickly establish coverage that meets its customers expectations, and will initially target the freight transportation segment on its key European markets (Germany, Belgium, France, Luxembourg, the Netherlands). TOTAL has a network of more than 180 stations in the Netherlands, Germany, Belgium and France. In addition, Clean Energy Fuels Corp., the leading supplier of natural gas fuel for the transport sector in North America, has developed an innovative leasing program. This program enables transport companies to acquire NGV heavy goods vehicles at no extra cost, compared to diesel. This program entitles transport operators to benefit from natural gas fuel prices lower than the price of diesel fuel. TOTAL is supporting the energy transition and the reduction of its customers carbon footprint by proposing a bio-NGV offer, with an incorporation rate adapted to the consumers needs. Electro-mobility: The acquisition of G2Mobility, renamed Total EV Charge, now enables the Group to offer optimized electric charging solutions to its customers. At the end of 2019, TOTAL was already operating a number of charging points close to 16,000 in Europe for public authorities and professional customers, in order to provide charging service to all types of customers. The Group plans to operate more than 150,000 charging points in Europe by 2025. TOTAL also launched in 2019 the equipment of its stations with ultrafast chargers on major highways, this deployment will continue in the coming years, with the ambition of ensuring a network in Western Europe with a network of charging points operated every 150 km. TOTAL has more than 100 service stations with charging points in Germany, Benelux and France at end of 2019 (including 11 operated). Hydrogen: TOTAL continues to rollout hydrogen stations under the H2 Mobility Germany joint-venture. This partnership was created in 2015 with Air Liquide, Daimler, Linde, OMV and Shell, to build a network in Germany. The joint-venture had close to 80 stations in 2019, of which about one quarter are based on the Group branded service stations network. TOTAL closely monitors rail developments: hydrogen is indeed an appropriate zero-emissions alternative, and TOTAL wants to support the French railroad operator (SNCF) in its plans that aim to renew its fleet and to gradually use hydrogen. Natural gas for shipping: In order to meet the new emission standards for marine fuels that came into effect on January 1, 2020, TOTAL is supporting its customers through this transition with its subsidiary Total Marine Fuels Global Solutions (TMFGS), which offers a diversified range of marine fuels and associated services. Consequently, the Group reorients its product portfolio with fuels with a sulfur content below 0.5% and LNG.

TOTAL is accelerating its digital innovation strategy in order to develop new offerings for its customers and improve operational efficiency. In Europe, M&S is developing a digital solution that allows drivers to pay for their fuel directly from a connected car, and the TOTAL eWallet mobile payment solution, for its professional customers in Germany as well as for its customers in Belgium. In Africa, TOTAL is continuing to develop new electronic payment solutions that will enable it to extend its money transfer and smartphone payment services. In addition, the ongoing deployment of Customer Relationship Management enables big data to be used to develop customer relationships more efficiently. Thus, more than 8 million customers in 13 countries can receive personalized offers from the Group.

--- zona 3 (seccion: SAP S.E. 147.8) ---
We identified the evaluation of the impairment of the E&P and iGRP segments non-current assets of exploration and production activities as a critical audit matter because evaluating the Groups assumptions discussed above involved a high degree of subjective auditor judgment. Specifically, such evaluation required the consideration of evidence that corroborates the Groups assumptions and evidence that might contradict the assumptions, such as publicly available industry information.

Effect of estimated proved and proved developed hydrocarbon reserves on the depreciation of oil and gas assets of production activities of the of the Exploration & Production and Integrated Gas Renewables Power segments (E&P and iGRP segments)

As discussed in Note Major judgments and accounting estimates to the consolidated financial statements, the proved reserves and proved developed reserves are used by the Group in the successful efforts method to account for its oil and gas activities. Notes 7.1 and 7.2 to the consolidated financial statements outline that under such method, oil and gas assets are depreciated using the unit-of-production method. The unit-of-production method is based on proved and proved developed reserves. Those reserves are estimated by the Groups petroleum engineers in accordance with industry practice and Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations.

--- zona 4 (seccion: ACCOUNTING POLICIES) ---
Revenues from the production of crude oil and natural gas properties, in which the Group has an interest with other producers, are recognized based on actual entitlement volumes sold over the period. Any difference between entitlement volumes and volumes sold, based on the Group net working interest, are recognized in the Under-lifting and Over-lifting accounts in the balance sheet and in operating expenses in the profit and loss.

Income related to the distribution of electricity and gas are not recognized in revenues because the Group acts as an agent in this transaction. The Group is not responsible for the delivery and does not set the price of the service, because it can only pass on to the customer the amounts invoiced to it by the distributors.

Excise taxes

--- zona 5 (seccion: WHRS) ---
The global PSR prevention program is based on four areas of activity:

a minimum level of awareness and training for all through the distribution of a prevention kit, which has been translated into 11 languages and validated by international experts. This forms the starting point for all training activities; a single system for measuring individual stress and a collective assessment of the psychosocial risk factors in the working environment. This facilitates the production of action plans;

(a) As an exception to the reporting principles described in section 5.11 of this chapter, the 2018 rate does not include a company that did not report its data in time for the 2018 WHRS.

a system for listening to and supporting all employees, irrespective of their geographical location.Supervised by international experts and available in more than 40 languages, it provides, as far as possible, care and support to employees in their mother tongue and in accordance with their specific cultural environment; regular monitoring of the indicators for enhanced control of the system. The implemented mechanism guarantees anonymity, confidentiality and the security of personal data during the entire period of support.

Musculoskeletal disorders, the main cause of occupational illnesses in the Group, represented 67% of all recorded illnesses in 2019, against 69% in 2018. The Group assesses ergonomic risks in accordance with a methodology defined above and trains personnel at its sites in the prevention of musculoskeletal disorders.

5.4.4 Limiting risks for the health and safety of consumers

Unless certain precautions are taken, some of the petroleum or chemical products marketed by TOTAL pose potential consumer health and safety risks. The Group aims to respect the regulatory requirements in order to limit the risks throughout the life cycle of its products.

The Group has also defined the minimum requirements to be observed in order to market its petroleum or chemical products worldwide with the goal to reduce potential risks to consumer health and the environment. The identification and assessment of the risks inherent to these products and their utilizations form part of these requirements, as does the

provision of information to consumers. The material safety data sheets that accompany the petroleum or chemical products marketed by the Group (available in at least one of the languages used in the country) as well as product labels are two key sources of information.

Governance of the process is rounded off within the Groups business units or subsidiaries of Refining & Chemicals and Marketing & Services segment through the designation of a product steward who ensures compliance during the market release of his or her entitys petroleum or chemical products. The networks of product steward are coordinated by the Groups specialist units either directly or via an intermediate regional level in the case of the Marketing & Services segment.

The implementation of these requirements is monitored by specialist units in Refining & Chemicals and Marketing & Services segments of the Group. The task of these units is to ensure the preparation of safety documentation for the marketed petroleum or chemical products so that they correspond to the applications for which they are intended and to the applicable regulations. They therefore draw up the material safety data sheets, compliance certificates (contact with food, toys, pharmaceutical packaging, etc.) and ensure REACH registration, if necessary. They also monitor scientific and regulatory developments and verify the rapid implementation of new sheets and updates within the Group entities.

The safety data sheets for oil and gas produced by the Exploration & Production and of Integrated Gas, Renewables & Power subsidiaries are produced by the Marketing & Services expertise center. The conformity of the marketing process of these products is ensured by the subsidiary.

Finally, the Group has set up an intersegmental working group that works on the harmonization of practices and classifications for the petroleum or chemical products common to the different segments, as well as on the development of good practices.

5.5 Environmental challenges

TOTAL places the environment at the heart of its ambition of being a responsible company. The specificities of the Groups activities incur environmental risks, for which TOTAL has developed a structured management policy.

To address its challenges, TOTAL relies on the HSE division, which is part of the People & Social Responsibility division, whose President is a member of the Executive Committee. In particular, the HSE division is tasked with defining the HSE strategy and policies of the Group in line with the business challenges and the One Total Company project.

The Group has therefore identified its main environmental challenges:

The HSE division manages in an integrated manner the environmental, security, health and societal challenges associated with the Groups operations. It coordinates the implementation of the Groups Health, Safety, Environment and Quality charter by defining and monitoring the implementation of the One MAESTRO reference framework. This reference framework and the corresponding audits are described in detail in point 5.4 of this chapter.

preventing risks of accidental pollution; limiting its environmental footprint by managing energy consumption, emissions in natural environments (water, air, soil) and use of natural resources; managing impacts to biodiversity and ecosystems during projects and operations especially when situated in sensitive natural environments; limiting its production of residual waste by supporting the circular economy.

Environmental indicators have been monitored for many years in order to constantly adapt the Groups environmental protection measures, which are presented in this section.

5.5.1 General policy and environmental targets

In keeping with its Safety Health Environment Quality charter, TOTAL considers respect for the environment to be a priority. All employees, at every level, must do their utmost to protect the environment as they go about their work. TOTAL strives to control its energy consumption, its emissions in natural environments (water, air, soil), its residual waste production, its use of natural resources and its impact on biodiversity. TOTAL takes a constructive approach on this topic that is based on transparency and dialogue when communicating with its stakeholders and third parties.

To this end, the HSE division and the HSE departments within the Groups entities seek to ensure both applicable local regulations and internal requirements resulting from the Safety Health Environment Quality Charter and the Groups additional commitments are respected. Group steering bodies, led by the HSE division, are tasked with:

monitoring TOTALs environmental performance, which is reviewed annually by the Audit Committee, for which multi-annual improvement targets are set; handling, in conjunction with the business segments, the various environment-related subjects of which they are in charge; and promoting the internal standards to be applied by the Groups operational entities.

The Groups environmental progress targets(a):

What has been accomplished:

decrease sulfur dioxide (SO2) emissions into the air by 50% between 2010 and 2020; valorize more than 50% of the waste produced by the sites operated by the Group; maintain the hydrocarbon content of water discharges below 30 mg/l for offshore sites and below 15 mg/l for onshore and coastal sites.

more than 50% reduction in sulfur dioxide (SO2) emissions into the air reached since 2017; more than 50% of the waste produced by the sites operated by the Group was valorized in 2019; 100% of the Groups oil sites have met the target for the quality of onshore discharges since 2016 and 100% of the Groups oil sites met the target for the quality of offshore discharges in 2019; six biodiversity action plans deployed or in preparation in 2019; no oil and gas exploration or production activity in the area of natural sites listed on the UNESCO World Heritage List(2) ; and no exploration activity in oil fields under sea ice in the Arctic.

Moreover, the Group is committed to:

systematically develop biodiversity action plans for production sites located in protected areas(1); not conducting oil and gas exploration or production operations in the area of natural sites listed on the UNESCO World Heritage List(2); not conducting exploration in oil fields under sea ice in the Arctic.

(a) For the climate change targets, refer to point 5.6 of this chapter.

The Groups internal requirements state that the environmental management systems of the sites operated by the Group that are important for the environment(3) must be ISO 14001 certified within two years of start-up of operations or acquisition: 100% of these 77 sites were compliant in 2019. Beyond these internal requirements, at the end of 2019, a total of 281 sites operated by the Group were ISO 14001 certified. In 2019, 7 sites were newly ISO 14001 certified.

TOTAL seeks to ensure that all employees share its environmental protection requirements. Employees receive training in the required skills. TOTAL also raises employee awareness through internal communication campaigns (e.g., in-house magazines, intranet, posters). The 2019 World Environment Day focused on good practices that protect biodiversity on the Groups sites. To mark the occasion, instructive materials were developed to teach employees more about biodiversity.

The internal rules stipulate that all projects of investment, divestment or acquisition submitted to the Risk committee of the Group must be assessed and reviewed with regards to their risks and potential impact, particularly environmental, before the final investment decision is made.

5.5.2 Preventing risks of accidental pollution

To prevent incident risks and, in particular, major spills that could reach the environment, TOTAL implements appropriate policies of risk management. Point 5.4.1 of this chapter describes the management measures covering the design and construction of facilities, changes to existing facilities, operations and the control of the integrity of facilities. It also describes the measures taken to control the integrity of facilities over time.

making it easier to assess the compatibility of ships with the ports of call. Additionally, TOTAL encourages all maritime terminals to use the Marine Terminal Management Self-Assessment (MTMSA), the framework recommended by the industry for the self-assessment of terminals and the continuous improvement of the safety of product transfers. A training course on ship/shore interface management (SSSCL Ship Shore Safety Check List) and cargo transfer operations, developed by the Group in 2016, had been completed by operators of 80% of operatedterminals by the end of 2019.

For its sea and river shipment requirements, TOTAL only charters ships and barges that meet the highest international standards. The Group has an internal policy that lays down the process and criteria by which ships and barges are selected (known as vetting). These criteria are based, in particular, on the regulations, the best practices and recommendations of the OCIMF(4) and, in Europe, on the European Barge Inspection Scheme (EBIS). Tankers and barges are vetted by a single centralized Group entity. The average age of the Group Shipping divisions timechartered fleet is approximately sixyears.

In order to manage a major accidental spill efficiently, TOTAL implemented a global crisis management system that is described in point 5.4.1 of this chapter.

For the sites operated by the Group exposed to the risk of accidental spills that reach the surface water, this system is supplemented by the requirements of the One MAESTRO reference framework. These requirements demand that the oil spill contingency plans be regularly reviewed and tested in exercises. These plans are specific to each site and are adapted to their structure, activities and environment while complying with Group recommendations.

With regard to operated marine terminals, the Group follows an initiative that seeks to record their physical characteristics and store this data in a global database that forms part of the Marine Terminal Information System (MTIS) of the OCIMF. At the end of 2019, 95% of coastal and offshore marine terminals had submitted their characteristics, thereby

(1) Sites located in an IUCN I to IV or Ramsar convention protected area. (2) Natural sites included on the UNESCO World Heritage List of December31, 2018. (3) Sites that emit more than 30ktof CO2 per year. (4) O CIMF (Oil Companies International Marine Forum): An industry forum including the leading worldwide oil companies. This organization manages, in particular, the Ship Inspection Report (SIRE) Program, which holds and provides access to tanker and river barge inspection reports (Barge inspection QuestionnaireBIQ).

The Group companies can call on in-house human and material resources (Fast Oil Spill Team, FOST) and benefit from assistance agreements with the main third-party organizations specialized in the management of hydrocarbon spills.

In accordance with industry best practices, TOTAL monitors accidental liquid hydrocarbon spills of more than one barrel. Spills that exceed a predetermined severity threshold are reviewed on a monthly basis and annual statistics are sent to the Group Performance Management Committee. All spills are followed by corrective actions aimed at returning the environment to an acceptable state as quickly as possible.

For the oil and gas exploration & production activities, since 2014, subsea capping and subsea containment equipment that can be transported by air has been strategically positioned at various points of the world (South Africa, Brazil, Norway and Singapore). This equipment provides solutions that are readily available in the event of oil or gas blowout in deep offshore drilling operations. From these locations, the equipment can benefit TOTALs operations worldwide. This equipment was developed by a group of nine oil companies, including TOTAL, and is managed by Oil Spill Response Ltd (OSRL), a cooperative dedicated to the response to marine pollution by hydrocarbons.

Accidental liquid hydrocarbon spills of a volume or more than one barrel that affected the environment, excluding sabotage 2019 2018 2017

In February 2019, 900 m3 of hydrocarbons leakage from the le-deFrance pipeline (PLIF) in Autouillet , which was the largest oil and gas spill impacting the environment in 2019. This spill polluted about four hectares of soil and watercourses. All the banks were cleaned, traces of oil were removed from the watercourses, 800m3 of a mix of water and oil were disposed of, 49,000m3 of earth were excavated and the groundwater was checked for signs of impacts. This process was monitored by more than 3,000laboratory analyses of the environment (water, air, soil). In 2020, a further 3,000m3 of earth will be excavated and disposed of, and the ground and surface water will continue to be monitored.

TOTAL has also designed and developed its own capping system (Subsea Emergency Response System) to stop potential eruptions in drilling or production operations as quickly as possible. Since 2015, equipment has been installed in Angola, then the Republic of Congo, potentially covering the entire Gulf of Guinea region. In March 2019, one of these pieces of equipment was deployed and tested at more than 1200 m water depth during a large-scale exercise in Nigeria.

Number of sites whose risk analysis identified at least one risk of major accidental pollution to surface water(a) 128 126 126

(a) The variation of the number of sites is due to perimeter variation. (b) The decrease compared to 2017 corresponds mainly to two subsidiaries where equipment was being refurbished in 2018.

5.5.3 Limiting the environmental footprint

in sulfur dioxide (SO2) emissions based on weather forecast data and the improvement of combustion processes management, etc.) and technical measures (wastewater treatment plants, using low NOX burners and electrostatic scrubbers, etc.). Today, all the refineries owned exclusively by the Group have this type of system.

Wherever TOTAL conducts its business, it makes sure that it complies with applicable laws and regulations, which the Group complements with specific requirements and commitments when necessary. TOTAL implements a policy of avoiding, reducing, managing and monitoring the environmental footprint of its operations. As part of this policy, emissions are identified and quantified by environment (water, air and soil) so that appropriate measures can be taken to better control them.

For new facilities developed by the Group, the internal rules require impact assessments to be carried out on these emissions and, if necessary, actions must be taken to limit their impact.

Water, air

The Groups operations generate emissions into the atmosphere from combustion plants and the various conversion processes and discharges into wastewater. In addition to complying with applicable legislation, the Group drew up a guide that the Group subsidiaries can use to limit the quantities discharged. More particularly, the Group set itself targets for the reduction in sulfur dioxide (SO2) emissions and committed to limiting its hydrocarbons discharges in water. After analyses have been conducted, the exposed sites can introduce various reduction systems that include organizational measures (such as using predictive models to control peaks

In 2010, SO2 emissions reached 99kt. The Group set itself the target of not exceeding 49.5kt by 2020; it has met this target since 2017.

Chronic emissions into the atmosphere(a) 2019 2018 2017

SO 2 emissions (kt) 39 48 47

NO X emissions (kt) 72 66 69

(a) Refer to point 5.11 of this chapter for the scope of reporting.

the risks related to soil and groundwater pollution. For sites at the end of their life cycle, management of pollution takes into account regulatory obligations as well as the aim of the Group to retain control over the use of these sites, favoring redevelopment its activities (solar, reforestation, etc.) Remediation operations are conducted by specialized entities created by the Group. At the end of 2019, 114industrial sites that were no longer in operation (excluding service stations) were in the process of remediation.

SO2 emissions that are likely to cause acid rain are regularly checked and reduced. The decrease in these emissions in 2019 is mainly due to a decrease in activity at refining units and the implementation of a more stringent policy concerning acid gas flaring by the Exploration & Production segment in the United Arab Emirates.

NOx emissions mainly concern hydrocarbon exploration and production activities and are primarily located offshore and far away from the coast. Their impact on air quality is therefore considered to be minor. The increase in 2019 is mainly due to an increase in offshore drilling and logistics activities.

The Groups provisions for the protection of the environment and site remediation are detailed in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements (refer to point 8.7 of chapter 8).

Discharged water quality 2019 2018 2017

Hydrocarbon content of offshore water discharges (in mg/l) 13.0 14.1 17.7

Sustainable use of resources

Fresh water

The Groups activities, mainly those of Refining & Chemicals, and to a lesser extent those of the Exploration & Production and the Integrated Gas, Renewables & Power segments, may potentially have an impact on, as well as be dependent on, water resources. This is especially true when an activity is located in a water resources sensitive environment.

Hydrocarbon content of onshore water discharges (in mg/l) 1.7 1.8 2.4

(a) Alwynn site (United Kingdom) excluded, as its produced water discharges only occur during the maintenance periods of the water reinjection system and are subject to a specific regulatory authorization.

Fully aware of these challenges, TOTAL implements the following water risk management actions:

monitor water withdrawals to identify priority sensitive sites and then carry out a risk assessment; improve the water resources management depending on identified needs, by adapting the priority sites environmental management system.

Soil

The risks of soil pollution related to TOTALs operations come mainly from accidental spills (refer to point 5.5.2 of this chapter) and waste storage (refer to point 5.5.5 of this chapter).

In order to identify its facilities exposed to the risk of water stress, TOTAL records the withdrawal and discharge of water on all of its operated sites for this indicator and assesses these volumes on the basis of the current and future water stress indicators of the WRI(1) Aqueduct tool. Currently, 9.3%(2) of freshwater withdrawals take place in a global water stress area. For the sites situated in these areas and that withdraw more than 500,000m per year, TOTAL assesses water resources risk levels using, in particular, the Local Water Tool (LWT) for Oil & Gas from the Global Environmental Management Initiative (GEMI). This tool also helps guide the actions taken to mitigate the risks and to make optimal use of water resources on the sites when necessary.

The Group has drawn up a guide that the subsidiaries can use to prevent and contain this pollution. The guide recommends an approach based on four pillars:

preventing leaks, by implementing, as far as possible, industry best practices in engineering, operations and transport; carrying out maintenance at appropriate frequency to minimize the risk of leaks; overall monitoring of the environment to identify any soil and groundwater pollution; and managing any pollution from previous activities by means of containment and reduction or elimination operations.

This risk assessment establishes that the activities of the sites operated by the Group only expose the other users of the water to a relatively low risk of water stress. Following this assessment, two sites were identified in 2019 as being at risk and were reported to the CDP(3): the Grandpuits and Normandy refineries. The risk concerns the supply of water to these sites, which could be cut in order to maintain access to water for priority users. In 2020, the analysis process is expected to be extended to four additional sites.

In addition, a Group rule defines the following minimum requirements:

systematic identification of each sites environmental and health impacts related to possible soil and groundwater contamination; assessment of soil and groundwater contamination based on various factors (extent of pollution inside or outside the sites boundaries, nature and concentrations of pollutants, presence of a vector that could allow the pollution to migrate, use of the land and groundwater in and around the site); and management of health or environmental impacts identified based on the use of the site.

In 2019, the Group answered the CDP Water survey for the 2018 period and was, for the third consecutive year, graded A-. The main indicator used in this reporting is fresh water withdrawal.

Lastly, decommissioned facilities operated by the Group (i.e., chemical plants, service stations, mud pits or lagoons resulting from hydrocarbon extraction operations, wasteland on the site of decommissioned refinery units, etc.) impact the landscape and may, despite all the precautions taken, be sources of chronic or accidental pollution. In addition to the appropriate management of waste produced by the dismantling and securing of sites, TOTAL has created a policy to evaluate and manage

Water-related indicator(a) 2019 2018 2017

Fresh water withdrawals excluding cooling water (million m) 115 116 116

(a) Refer to point 5.11 of this chapter for the scope of reporting.

Soil

the oils (carbon footprint, non-deforestation, proper soil use, respect for Human Rights). Those criteria apply to the entire production and distribution chain of the sustainable biofuels and were strengthened in 2019 as part of the revision of the Directive on renewable energy in transport. In particular, the European Union caps the use of agriculture raw materials in biofuels to limit changes in land use.

TOTAL uses the ground surface that it needs to safely conduct its industrial operations and, in 2019, did not make extensive use of ground surfaces that could substantially conflict with various natural ecosystems or agriculture.

Worldwide, biofuels used by the Group meet sustainability requirements as per regulations. TOTAL produces and markets biofuels partly produced from agricultural raw materials. All the biofuels incorporated by the Group in Europe are certified as sustainable ISCC EU type certification according to the criteria required by the European Union. This certification imposes criteria of sustainability and traceability of

In July 2019, TOTAL started up the La Mde biorefinery in France that is expected to produce biofuels from 60-70% of vegetable oils (rape, palm, etc.) and 30-40% of waste and residues. TOTAL selects a limited number of suppliers of palm oil and completes the certification with a specific reinforced control system of sustainability and the respect of human rights.

5.5.4 Managing impacts to biodiversity and ecosystems during projects and operations

TOTALs activities may potentially be located in sensitive natural environments.

In July 2018, and within the framework of the Act4Nature initiative, the Group made 16 biodiversity commitments to make this policy more tangible. The 16commitments are described in the biodiversity brochure available on the website sustainable-performance.total.com. There are 10 general commitments common to all of the signatory companies and an additional six commitments specific to TOTAL, some of which existed before the initiative. These differentiate the Group from its competitors.

The Group is fully aware of this challenge and takes biodiversity and ecosystems into account in its reference frameworks, the founding element of which is its Safety Health Environment Quality charter, as well as in tis projects and operations. Thus, for new facilities developed by the Group, internal rules require that impact assessment taking into account biodiversity and ecosystems be carried out and that action be taken if necessary. For existing facilities, the Group recommends that its subsidiaries apply the avoid reduce restore compensate approach.

The commitments are currently being implemented. A review of the actions that have already been performed on the first three priority commitments is provided below.

--- zona 6 (seccion: LIABILITIES) ---
Analysis by segment

Integrated Gas, Renewables & Power(c) 3,901 209 (8) 4,102

(a) The variation of equity shares on December 31st, 2019 is mainly due to: recapitalization of intra-group companies which belong to Integrated Gas, Renewables and Power activity. disposal of the WEPEC shares. (b) Changes in loans mainly relate to the financing of Total Finance and Total Treasury. (c) Reclassification operated in 2019, amounting to 104 million, regarding the 2018 balance from Exploration & Production activity to Integrated Gas, Renewables and Power activity.

3.2 Changes in depreciation on investments and loans

As of December 31, (M)

Integrated Gas, Renewables & Power(c) 394 9 (20) 383

(a) The variation in the investments allowances as of December 31, 2019 is mainly due to the reversal of a provision relating to the disposal of the Wepec shares. (b) The variation of depreciation of loans on December 31, 2019 is mainly due to loans in the Exploration activity. (c) Reclassification operated in 2019, amounting to 84 million, regarding the 2018 balance from the Exploration & Production activity to the Integrated Gas, Renewables and Power activity.

3.3 Net investments and loans

As of December 31, (M)

Integrated Gas, Renewables & Power 4,102 (383) 3,719 3,501

(a) As of December 31, 2019, the gross amount includes 9,196 million related to affiliates. (b) As of December 31, 2019, the gross amount is split by maturity date less than one year and more than one year, respectively for 3,108 million and 6,285 million. (c) As of December 31, 2019, gross amounts and net allowances amounted respectively to 130,966 million and 5,404 million.

--- zona 7 (seccion: DOWNSTREAM) ---
The total net income adjustments were -561 M$ in 2019, including -465 M$ of impairments.

The limited level of 2019 impairments reflects the resilience of the portfolio on a long-term price trajectory in line with the IEA Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS)(1) and which forecasts by 2050 a convergence of the oil price toward 50$2018/b.

Acquisitions asset sales

--- zona 8 (seccion: ACCOUNTING POLICIES) ---
Sunpower Technologies, Inc. 46.74% United States United States

Integrated Gas, Renewables & Power (Continued)

Sunzil Mayotte S.A.S. 50.00% E France France

Sunzil Ocean Indien 50.00% E France France

Sunzil Services Ocean Indien 50.00% E France France

Thezan Solar 100.00% France France

Total Carbon Neutrality Ventures Europe 100.00% France France

Total Carbon Neutrality Ventures International 100.00% France France

Total Direct Energie S.A. 100.00% France France

--- zona 9 (seccion: WHRS) ---
In 2017, TOTAL also published a Practical guide to dealing with religious questions within the Group in order to provide practical solutions to the questions raised by the Groups employees and managers worldwide. It draws on the experiences of the business segments in various countries and encourages dialogue, respect and listening as a way to find solutions suited to the local context. Many internal and external experts helped draft this document, including representatives of various religious

Safety is one of the Groups core values. Over the last few years, the Group has continued to develop occupational health and safety standards focusing on the right to live and fair and adequate working conditions (refer to point 5.4 of this chapter).

rights violations, in particular forced and child labor. In addition, the partnership formed in 2016 between TOTAL and a third-party service provider to assess suppliers practices in terms of fundamental rights in the workplace remains in effect (refer to point 5.10 of this chapter).

communities. This guide exists in 10 languages. It is available on the human rights intranet and is also distributed at each training course and on each Business Ethics Day.

In addition to the Groups reporting and internal control system, the working conditions of TOTALs employees are assessed by GoodCorporation, an independent third party.

Finally, the working conditions of the employees of Group-branded service station dealers are assessed by GoodCorporation, an independent third party. Between 2016 and 2017, a baseline study on a group of 22 subsidiaries in the Marketing & Services segment across different continents was also conducted. One of the main recommendations identified is to improve service station dealers awareness of the Groups Code of Conduct principles and of the fundamental Conventions of the ILO. In response, Marketing & Services is developing educational tools and enhancing the clauses related to human rights in contracts with service station dealers. In Africa, for example, clauses regarding respect for human rights are gradually being incorporated into standard agreements related to the activity of the service station network. These clauses are integrated by the African subsidiaries when contracts are renewed and negotiated.

In the Groups value chain

The Fundamental Principles of Purchasing (FPP) set out the commitments expected from suppliers in various domains, including human rights in the workplace and safety. A Group directive reaffirms the obligation to annex the FPP or to transpose them in the selection process as well as in the contracts concluded with suppliers of goods or services.

The prevention of forced and child labor in the supply chain is a major area of concern. The supplier selection methodology was therefore strengthened in 2018 to better take into account the risks of human

5.7.2 Human rights and local communities

TOTALs operational activities may have impacts on the human rights of local communities, in particular when TOTAL obtains temporary or permanent access to their land for the Groups projects that may involve the physical and/or economic displacement of these populations. In addition, noise and dust emissions and other potential impacts may also have consequences on the livelihood of neighboring communities. Consequently, the access to land of local communities and their right to health and an adequate standard of living are two salient issues forTOTAL.

In accordance with internationally recognized human rights standards, TOTAL requires the Group entities to maintain a regular dialogue with their stakeholders and make sure that their activities either have no negative consequences on local communities or, if these cannot be avoided, that they limit, mitigate and remedy them. The solutions proposed in response to the expectations of local communities are coordinated by the societal teams that work in close collaboration with the Human rights department and the legal, safety and environmental teams. The Groups approach to this topic is described in point 5.9 of this chapter.

5.7.3 Respect for human rights in security-related activities

In certain situations, intervention by government security forces or private security providers may be necessary to protect TOTAL staff and assets. In order to prevent any misuse of force, TOTAL is committed to implementing the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights (VPSHR) issued by States, NGOs and Extractive Companies.

When government security forces are deployed to ensure the protection of the Groups staff and assets, an ongoing dialogue is maintained with the representatives of national or regional authorities in order to raise their awareness on the need to respect the VPSHR and encourage them to sign memorandums of understanding that comply with these principles. The Group promotes these principles and the VPSHR requirements to the private security companies it hires in connection with its activities. These companies incorporate them, for example, through the training provided to security staff on the VPSHR.

TOTAL has been a member of this initiative since 2012. Within this framework, the Group publishes an annual report setting out the challenges, lessons learned and good practices in relation to security and human rights and, if applicable, reports any incidents associated with the Groups activities. This report is available at sustainableperformance.total.com.

TOTAL regularly organizes training sessions and awareness-raising activities for its employees on the risk of misuse of force and, more generally, on the VPSHR. In 2019, the Groups Security Division offered a VPSHR seminar to 27 security employees worldwide. In addition to this seminar, there were training courses at the subsidiaries for private security companies (PSC) and awareness-raising activities for governmental security forces (GSF). These activities, organized by each

--- zona 10 (seccion: NO) ---
The Board of Directors set the result of this criterion to its maximum, i.e. 15% because of the following elements observed during the past fiscal year:

the ramp-up of FPSO Kaombo Sul in Angola, the signing by TOTAL (operator of Block 17) and its partners of an agreement with the national company Sonangol and the National Agency for Oil, Gas and Biofuels in order to extend the production licenses of the consortium until 2045, the acquisition of Blocks 20 and 21 in Angola, composing a new production unit, the signing of an agreement with Occidental Petroleum for the acquisition of Anadarkos assets in Africa,

The Board of Directors also noted an increase in hydrocarbon production of 8.6% in 2019 compared to 2018 reaching 3.0 Mboe/d and the rate of renewal of reserves recorded at 12/31/2019 which is established at +157% (with an average price passing from $71.43/b in 2018 to $62.74/b in 2019).

Performance and outlook with respect to Downstream activities (Refining & Chemicals/Marketing & Services) and the Groups gas-electricity-renewables growth strategy for a maximum of 10%.

The Board of Directors set the result of this criterion to its maximum, i.e., 10% because of the following components which were observed during past fiscal year: an agreement concluded with Saudi Aramco to increase a network of service stations, the acquisition of Synova, French leader of recycled popypropylen production, the start of the biorefinery of La Mde, the putting into service of high-power charging stations for electric cars at the Limours-Janvry service-station, the first in the Group to be equipped with them, the inauguration of the thousandth solarized service station of the Group, the creation by Saft of a partnership with Tianneng to develop the offer on electrical mobility and energy storage, the start of production of the Cameron LNG terminal in the United States, the start of Miyako, a solar power plant in Japan, the signing of the final investment decision of Arctic LNG 2 in Russia, the extension by TOTAL of its partnership with Adani in India.

CSR performance, notably taking into account the climate into the Groups Strategy, the Groups reputation in the domain of Corporate Social Responsibility as well as the policy concerning all aspects of diversity, for a maximum of 15%.

The Board of Directors set the result of this criterion at its maximum i.e., 15% because of the following elements observed in the past fiscal year:

Concerning the Groups reputation in the field of societal policy:

the adherence to the B-Team principles for a sustainable taxation, the designation of Mr. Patrick Pouyann as co-Chairman of PACI (partnering against corruption initiative) dedicated to fighting corruption, the actions taken in the context of the Total Foundation program:

the significant increase in the commitment to citizen action, the further development of Industreet with the laying of the foundation stone, the deployment of the employee engagement Program Action! launche 2018 in 28 countries,

d

the renewal of TOTAL in 2019 as LEAD company in the Global Compact (recognition of the Group as one of the members most committed in the integration of the 10 principles), the confirmation of the Gold status of TOTAL in 2019 in its rating by EcoVadis for four commercial entities of the Group (Total Direct Energie, Total Marketing & Services, Total Raffinage Chimie, SAFT) and Silver status for its Total Gas Power Europe entity, TOTALs ranking in the Global 100 index of Corporate Knights of the most sustainable company in the world in the 57th position (TOTAL being one of only two oil and gas companies to have distinguished itself in 2019), The road safety actions that have been rewarded by the Prize Prix Jean Todt pour la scurit routire.

Regarding non-financial rating agencies:

maintaining TOTAL in the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes (New York Sto Exchange) DJSI World and Europe indices,

ck

maintaining TOTAL in the FTSE4Good index (footsie for good) London Stock Exchange, the retention of TOTALs A rating with the MSCI non-financial rating agency (on a scale from AAA to C),

the increase of one grade to B rating of TOTAL with the non-financial rating agency ISS-oekom (renamed ISS ESG), on a scale from A + to D, and maintain its Prime status (value recommended to socially responsible investors), TOTALs ranking in the Corporate Human Rights Benchmark being 11th in the extractive sector and 5th Oil & Gas company, with 53.5/100 (increased compared to 2018).

Taking into account the climate into the Groups strategy:

the setting of a target to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions Scope 1 and Scope 2, the creation of a task force dedicated to the reduction of CO2 emissions of operated facilities (CO2 Fighter Squad) and of an entity dedicated to investments in natural carbon sinks (NBS), the CDP valuation on climate change: ranking of A-, Regarding sustainable lobbying:

the public position paper on climate consideration by the main professional associations of which TOTAL is a member (exit from the AFPM), the official position to defend the regulation on methane emission in the United States (recognition of the Rothschild Fondation), the participation in a CEOs consortium encouraging the United States not to withdraw from the Paris Agreement.

Environment:

The creation of the Alliance to End Plastic Waste of which TOTAL is a founding member.

Diversity policy:

Results on diversity policy and in particular:

the increase in the proportion of women (25.7%) and of non-French individuals (20.3%) among the 74 of the second and third top managers into the chain of command of the Chairman & CEO (excluding secondees), the appointment of a woman President Strategy & Innovation in the Executive Committee in 2019, the increase in the proportion of women within the G70 (22% in 2019 compared to 18% in 2018) and the Group Performance management Committee (+2 women in 2019), the achievement in 2019 of the target of 20% of women members on Management Committees of branches and large functional divisions, the increase in women senior executives (23%) and non-French individuals (34%) in 2019. Professional integration of young people:

1st year of High School internships: continuation of the commitment made in 2018 in Ile de France (50% of internships for High School (first year) reserved to young people from disadvantaged areas in the Paris region) and development in the other regions of France, alternates: Groups confirmation of its commitment to hire alternates corresponding to 5% of the French workforce per year. Results of the policy on Disability:

the continuation of international expansion of the Disability approach (41 subsidiaries involved) within the framework of the ILOs Business and Disability global Network Charter, the signing, in February 2019, of an agreement within the Socle Social Commun for the employment of people with disabilities, the signing, in October 2019, of the charter of the UNEA (Union Nationale des Entreprises Adaptes) aiming at improving job creation and promoting adapted companies (entreprises adaptes), the signing, in November 2019, of the Manifesto for the Inclusion of People with Disabilities in Economic Life (Manifeste pour linclusion des personnes handicapes dans la vie conomique). Being that all the objectives were considered as largely met, the personal contribution of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer was thus determined at its maximum, i.e., 40% of the fixed compensation.

n/a n/a The Board of Directors has not granted any multi-year or deferred variable compensation.

==============================================================================
INFORME: Airbus SE | FRANCIA | 2023 | URD
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: ATR) ---
The aircraft is designed to disrupt the difference between strategic and tactical transport by offering both capabilities in one. This saves both time and costs as customers can fly a long range strategic aircraft into a tactical zone of operation.

A330 MRTT Multi-role tanker transport. The A330MRTT, a derivative of the Airbus A330-200 family, offers military strategic air transport as well as air-to-air refuelling capabilities. Its large fuel tank capacity (111t), a benefit of the design of the commercial platform, allows it to dispense fuel in flight to many receiver aircraft without the need for additional fuel tanks. This allows the entire lower deck cargo bay compartment to be available for freight (up to 37t), with the possibility to transport up to 27standard civil LD3 containers, or up to eight 436L military pallets as well as the capacity to transport up to 300 troops in the upper deck cabin compartment, with the high level of comfort of a civil airliner.

Products and services

--- zona 2 (seccion: AIRBUS SE) ---
nominal value and not more than the higher of the price of the last independent trade and the highest current independent bid on the trading venues of the regulated market of the country in which the purchase is carried out, term of the share repurchase programme and other

characteristics: this share repurchase programme shall be valid until 10 October 2025 inclusive, i.e. the date of expiry of the authorisation requested from the AGM of Shareholders to be held on 10 April 2024.

AirbusSE shares carried out pursuant to a liquidity agreement to be entered into with an independent investment services provider in compliance with the decision of the AMF dated 22June 2021 related to approval of liquidity agreements recognised as market practices by the AMF; procedure:

--- zona 3 (seccion: FORMER MANDATES FORTHELASTFIVEYEARS) ---
ERM CoC

Audits on ERM Provide independent assurance to the Audit Committee on the effectiveness of the ERM system, conductinganannual survey.

Corporate Audit

Alert system Detects deficiencies regarding conformity with applicable laws and regulations, as well as with ethical business principles.

Ethics & Compliance

--- zona 4 (seccion: AIRBUS SE) ---
The total aggregate voting rights of the shareholders shall always represent less than 30% of the voting rights of the Company, or less than any other threshold the crossing of which would trigger for any shareholder a mandatory takeover obligation (the MTO Threshold). In the event that the total aggregate voting rights of the shareholders exceed the MTO Threshold, the shareholders shall take all appropriate actions as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event within 30days, to fall below the MTO Threshold.

Sogepa and GZBV shall support the appointment of one Spanish national thatSEPI may present to them as Member of the Board ofDirectors of the Company, provided such person qualifies as an Independent Director pursuant to the conditions set forth in the Board Rules, and shall vote as shareholders in any shareholders meeting in favour of such appointment and against the appointment of any other person for such position.

Transfer of Securities

--- zona 5 (seccion: AIRBUS) ---
Other benefits

Remuneration

Employees throughout the world benefit from several measures empowering their work-life balance, such as remote or hybrid working flexibility when it is compatible with their job position, as well as flexible hours or part-time arrangements in place in several countries. Family-friendly measures continue to grow, with 64% of staff covered by maternity and paternity benefits beyond the statutory minimum, in terms of duration of leave and/or salary compensation during the leave. In addition, over 78% of the staff has access to either on-site kindergarten or company-sponsored childcare services (for example in Spain, France, Germany, India and Canada).

The Companys overall remuneration policy is in line with local practices and provides employees with a competitive overall compensation package. It is also an enabler to attract new talents and retain talented employees contributing to the Companys business success.

The Company compensates employees in line with applicable laws, in accordance with the terms of applicable collective bargaining agreements and relative to the industry and local labour market. In addition, the Company is currently reviewing the practical implementation of a commitment to a living wage for its employees in line with relevant benchmarks and methodologies.

V. Outlook

The Companys remuneration practices integrate national regulation requirements and internationally recognised conventions such as the ones established by the ILO standards, including regulating working hours, resting hours, maximum consecutive days of work and annual leave. All hours worked beyond the normal work week and approved by management are handled as per applicable legislation, regulations and agreements (e.g. compensatory time-off, paid overtime, time saving account, etc).

In 2024, the strategic people priorities are expected to remain similar as in 2023:

Engaging, inclusive and high performing leadership. Through its global network of Leadership University campuses, the Company will continue to invest significantly in strengthening the capabilities of its leaders centred around developing adaptive, performance-oriented, technology-focused and purpose-driven management and leadership. In addition, the Company will continue to bolster its leadership talent pool through strategic hiring.

For employees below manager level, collective labour agreements are applied in the Companys home countries (France, Germany, UK and Spain). This includes wage levels and increases, supplementary grants and gratifications (e.g. end of year gratification). Starting at manager level, compensation of employees can contain a variable part. The percentage of such variable pay in total compensation increases at higher hierarchical levels.

Skilled workforce and an agile learning organisation. The Companys recruitment strategy will primarily focus on addressing critical skill gaps within European countries, while also supporting business growth in Asia and North America. Internal workforce development efforts will remain a key area of focus, aiming to foster continuous growth and address critical skill gaps through investments in emerging skill development. The Company is committed to evolving into an agile learning organisation by integrating formal, social and on-the-job learning experiences.

Inclusive workplace and simplified ways of working. Embracing the strength found in diverse perspectives, backgrounds, and experiences, the Company is dedicated to fostering an environment where every individual feels empowered and valued see 1.2.11 Inclusion and Diversity. The Company, through the BetterWorkplace programme, will continue to work toward giving every employee the workplace they need, the tools they deserve and a culture they can celebrate.

Some benefits or specific worldwide schemes are implemented such as sharing the financial and operational success of the Company with the employees (international success sharing scheme deployed for around 130,000employees in 2023) or developing the Company share ownership culture (Employee Share Ownership Plan).

Exemplify business integrity

1.2.14 Business Integrity

I. Introduction

The Companys Ethics & Compliance programme seeks to ensure that the Companys business practices conform to applicable laws, regulations and ethical business principles, as well as reinforcing a culture of integrity and speak-up.

policies and a team responsible for their implementation, together with the identification and proposal of new measures to adapt to a constantly evolving regulatory landscape.

In 2023 the Company closed the Deferred Prosecution Agreements in the United States, the United Kingdom and France, as well as of the Consent Agreement in the United States See Notes to the IFRS Consolidated Financial StatementsNote38: Litigation and Claims

In 2023, Ethics & Compliance continued to be a top priority for the Company. In its list of priorities for the year, the Company treats integrity and compliance as vital for its business.

The Company has worked over the past several years to develop an Ethics & Compliance programme that is structured around the following key risk areas: Business Ethics/AntiCorruption Compliance, Export Control Compliance and Privacy. Each of these areas is, in turn, supported by dedicated compliance

Improving the Ethics & Compliance programme remains a constant and ongoing process, in cooperation with other functions within the Company, in order to sustain and capitalise on its values.

Business integrity GRI SASB SDGs Others

205 Anti Corruption Business Ethics 16

Highest governance body(ies) involved Board of Directors/ECSC, Executive Committee

Anti Corruption Policy, Responsible Lobbying Charter Directives: see below, sectionIII. Risk Management Code of Conduct, Supplier Code of Conduct

External standards taken into account IFBECs Global Principles of Business Ethics, FX Global Code

Number of employees per appointed Ethics & Compliance Representatives 360 338

--- zona 6 (seccion: A. TAXONOMYELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES) ---
and ensure expertise in breakthrough technologies. The R&T Programme department applies a lean project-based approach, and encourages and coordinates technological collaboration with external research communities and partners, including technical and scientific experts. These duties are delivered through the capabilities further outlined below.

partnerships, research institutes and universities. This approach fosters efficient R&T portfolio execution, and is further enabled by new ways of working, such as AGILE methodology and minimum viable product demonstration strategy, which enhance adaptability and efficiency. The R&T teams seek to secure continuous improvement in their business competitiveness and the ability to develop new business by establishing and driving the Companys R&T ambitions. Across the Company, specific priority is given to technologies for sustainable next generation aircraft, bringing together product, production system and services.

Fast-track roadmap owners serve as principal advisors to the CTO on technical vision and roadmaps for their particular technology areas. Fast-track roadmaps ensure coherency of activities within the portfolio and they foster the rapid advancement of strategic priorities across the businesses. Current fast-track roadmaps cover:

--- zona 7 (seccion: OPPORTUNITIES) ---
Company made its first investment to support a SAF producer in Australia (March2023). JetZero is a new player that will be using the Alcohol to Jet technology to produce SAF in Australia.

September2023 with DG Fuels in the US. DG Fuels will be using the Gasification Fischer Tropsch technology to produce SAF. This partnership will help DG Fuels accelerate its development towards the final investment decision for their first plant.

Supporting the development of consistent regulatory frameworks

In the context of the developing regulatory frameworks fostering SAF market growth, the Company supports policies that would incentivise SAF production and usage. In particular, the Company is supporting and sharing industry best practices, looking at production sharing industry best practices, looking at production levels assessment, life cycle analysis methodology and sustainability criteria and standards harmonisation. A clear, stable and consistent policy at global and local level as well as incentivisation or regulations are needed to promote long-term investments and technology development.

Alternative Fuels (CAAF3) reached agreement on an ICAO Global Framework for SAF, Low Carbon Aviation Fuel (LCAF) and other Aviation Cleaner Energies.

One of the key elements of this Global Framework is the objective to reduce CO2 emissions of international aviation by 5% by 2030 through the use of SAF and LCAF.

CAAF3 also resulted in other points of convergence that the Company welcomes: -- the implementation of a policy on SAF in every state; -- CORSIA recognised for sustainability criteria; -- the development of an accounting system to report and claim

Global. Aviation is a global industry that requires a global framework of standards and regulations, also supporting a global level playing field. -- Systematic implementation of SAF policies in all states,

reduction of CO2 emissions; -- the exploration of a book and claim system; -- support to developing and emerging countries to get access to

supporting SAF development and deployment. -- Recognising CORSIA as a reference for sustainability standards,

financing for their SAF projects; -- the qualification of new pathways by producers, manufacturers

--- zona 8 (seccion: A. TAXONOMYELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES) ---
prepares the Companys long-term technological capabilities. CRT leads specific investigations in emerging areas of research and conducts ambitious research projects while leveraging leading academic, scientific and research institutions to best utilise their expertise for achieving the Companys ambitions; Demonstrators (UpNext): development of selected

electrification; industrial systems and manufacturing; connectivity; autonomy; materials; artificial intelligence (AI).

breakthrough technologies is accelerated through Airbus demonstrators, by employing rapid maturation methods. This function delivers, thanks to its fully owned Airbus UpNext subsidiary, flight and ground demonstrator projects that drive collaborative new ways of working, provide very high levels of transparency and challenge the status quo by embedding Airbus technology DNA in a highly dynamic environment; X-Labs: providing test, conceptual design, simulation and

To help safeguard the benefits created for the Company through R&T, its intellectual property is protected, secured and defended through a central intellectual property function responsible for patent applications, portfolio investigations and portfolio defence.

Key Progress in 2023

rapid prototyping capabilities for the R&T portfolio and the Engineering Centres, particularly addressing capabilities that do not otherwise exist within the Company or though external ecosystems (e.g. electrification).X-Labs also allows for external access to these facilities; Acubed: delivering research and technological innovation at

Central research and technology (CRT)

--- zona 9 (seccion: CO2 10%) ---
In 2023, there was an intention to create a truly shared spirit of collective engagement and solidarity across the Commercial Aircraft business towards the ultimate operational target consisting of reaching the delivery guidance, hence increasing the Companys productivity and efficiency. It translated into an individual objective shared by around 6,000 key contributors to the Commercial Aircraft business.

Despite a complex operational environment, 735 aircraft were delivered (versus a guidance of around 720) in 2023.

The CEOs Individual objectives: accounting for 60% of the total Individual Component, they encompass various aspects of

what the CEO can do to contribute to the success of the Company, such as specific business results he achieves, projects he drives and processes he improves.

As disclosed in the 2022 Universal Registration Document, published in April2023, the individual priorities of the CEO for 2023 comprised: operational performance, market position in commercial aviation, major European defence programmes, Environment, Social and Governance topics, Digital and Decarbonisation roadmap, leadership team development and portfolio management.

The Board after reviewing the following factors in detail considered that the Operational performance objective of the CEO was overachieved: Over the past year, under the leadership of the CEO, the Company successfully added flexibility to the A320neo Family production by making all Final Assembly Lines (FAL) sites A321neo capable. This increased A321 production flexibility throughout its global industrial production system will enable the Company to better respond to market recovery and future demand needs, being close to major customers and growth regions. In 2023, both the Tianjin and Toulouse FALs delivered their first A321s.

--- zona 10 (seccion: R&S KPI 2 CO2 CO2 CO2 -) ---
(b)(c)

A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned)

Turnover of environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomyaligned) (A.1)

A.2. Taxonomy-eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities)(g)

(f)

==============================================================================
INFORME: FERRARI NV | ITALIA | 2018 | Annual report
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: 28. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT) ---
There were no transfers between fair value hierarchy levels between 2017 and 2018.

The fair value of current financial assets and other financial liabilities is related to derivative financial instruments and is measured by taking into consideration market parameters at the balance sheet date, using valuation techniques widely accepted in the financial business environment. In particular, the fair value of forward contracts, currency swaps and interest rate caps is determined by taking the prevailing foreign currency exchange rate and interest rates, as applicable, at the balance sheet date.

The fair value of cash and cash equivalents usually approximates fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments, which consist primarily of bank current accounts.

--- zona 2 (seccion: U.S.A. 40 POS) ---
Born in 1964, American citizenship.

> Corporate Governance

Lapo Elkann (non-executive Director) Mr. Lapo Edovard Elkann is Chairman and Founder of Italia Independent Group and of Garage Italia Customs. Born in New York in 1977, after studying in France and England and gaining experience as assistant to Henry Kissinger, Lapo emerged as Worldwide Brand Promotion Director for Fiat Group where he successfully carried out several projects in below-the-line marketing and participated in the relaunch of the Fiat 500. In 2007 he undertook the entrepreneurial path founding the lifestyle brand Italia Independent, the creative factory Independent Ideas and the Holding Italia Independent Group, which was listed on the Italian Stock Exchange in June 2013. In 2011 he started a collaboration with Ferrari to create the Tailor Made Unit. In March 2015 he founded Garage Italia Customs, a customization service for the motion industry. In July 2013 he was inducted in the Automotive Hall of Fame, the American institution dedicated to preserving and celebrating outstanding automotive achievement. Lapo Elkann also serves on the board of directors of Pinacoteca Giovanni e Marella Agnelli. Mr. Lapo Elkann is the brother of Mr. John Elkann (Chairman of the Company and nonexecutive Director).

--- zona 3 (seccion: CAPEX) ---
Captalised R&D

Customer Satisfaction

We are devoted to the highest level of customer satisfaction. We have a structured process to assess the overall customer satisfaction on product, service provided, events organized by us and the overall customer experience with the car. Specific KPIs are constantly monitored and analyzed by the marketing intelligence department. The KPIs are measured through bespoke surveys for each car launch and collected for every new model, from range vehicles to special and limited editions. A similar approach

The results of the product and service satisfaction analyses are used to outline any necessary action plans for current models and, additionally, to identify potential features to be added to the next generation of vehicles. Recent surveys show that customer satisfaction for Ferrari products and services has constantly stayed at a very high level.

The below chart shows the flow between us and our clients.

--- zona 4 (seccion: U.S.A. 40 POS) ---
Born in 1964, Italian citizenship.

> Corporate Governance

Pursuant to Dutch law, as from the 2017 financial year, Ferrari should strive to achieve that its Board of Directors contain a minimum of 30% male and 30% female board members and should explain in its annual report if this requirement is not met. Four of our current twelve Directors are female and eight are male, and therefore the Board of Directors complies with the above mentioned standard. The Company envisages to continue achieving sufficient diversity of views and the expertise needed for a good understanding of current affairs and longer-term risks and opportunities related to the Companys business and therefore adopted a Diversity Policy effective as of 31 December 2017 and a profile for non-executive Directors. The Diversity Policy stipulates that one of the targets is that at least 30% of the seats of the Board of Directors are occupied by women and at least 30% by men.

The Audit Committee

The Audit Committee is responsible, inter alia, for assisting and advising the Board of Directors oversight of: (i) the integrity of the Companys financial statements, (ii) the Companys policy on tax planning, (iii) the Companys financing, (iv) the Companys application of information and communication technology, (v) the systems of internal controls that management and the Board of Directors have established, (vi) the Companys compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (vii) the Companys compliance with recommendations and observations of internal and independent auditors, (viii) the Companys policies and procedures for addressing certain actual or perceived conflicts of interest, (ix) the review and approval of related party transactions, (x) the independent auditors qualifications, independence, remuneration and any non-audit services for the Company, (xi) the functioning of the Companys internal auditors and of the independent auditors, (xii) risk management guidelines and policies, and (xiii) the implementation and effectiveness of the Companys ethics and compliance program.

Board Regulations

The Audit Committee currently consists of Mr. Duca (Chairperson), Ms. Capaldo and Mrs. Grieco, each of whom is independent within the meaning of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. The Audit Committee is elected by the Board of Directors and is comprised of at least three non-executive Directors. Audit Committee members are also required (i) not

to have any material relationship with the Company or to serve as auditors or accountants for the Company, (ii) to be independent, for purposes of NYSE rules, Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, and (iii) to be financially literate and have accounting or selected financial management expertise (as determined by the Board of Directors). At least one member of the Audit Committee shall be a financial expert as defined by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and section 2(3) of the Dutch Decree on the Establishment of an audit committee. No Audit Committee member may serve on more than four audit committees for other public companies, absent a waiver from the Board of Directors, which must be disclosed in the Companys annual report. Unless decided otherwise by the Audit Committee, the independent auditors of the Company, the Chief Financial Officer and the Head of Internal Audit are required to attend its meetings, while the Chief Executive Officer is free, but not required, to attend the meetings of the Audit Committee, unless the Audit Committee determines otherwise, and shall attend the meetings of the Audit Committee if the Audit Committee so requires. The Audit Committee shall meet with the independent auditor at least once per year outside the presence of the executive Directors and management.

equity incentive plans and deferred compensation benefit plans, (iv) discussing with management the Companys policies and practices related to compensation and issuing recommendations thereon, and (v) to prepare the remuneration report.

The Compensation Committee currently consists of Ms. Zambon (Chairperson), Mr. Cue and Mr. Ferrari. The Compensation Committee is elected by the Board of Directors and is comprised of at least three non-executive Directors, at most one of whom may not be independent under Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Unless decided otherwise by the Compensation Committee, the Head of Human Resources of the Company attends its meetings.

In 2018 the Compensation Committee met twice with 100 percent attendance of its members at such meetings. The Compensation Committee reviewed the remuneration report and the implementation of the Remuneration Policy. Further information on the activities of the Compensation Committee are included in the remuneration report.

The Governance and Sustainability Committee

The Governance and Sustainability Committee is responsible for, among other things, assisting and advising the Board of Directors with: (i) the identification of the criteria, professional and personal qualifications for candidates to serve as Directors, (ii) periodic assessment of the size and composition of the Board of Directors, (iii) periodic assessment of the functioning of individual Directors and reporting on this to the Board of Directors, (iv) proposals for appointment of executive and nonexecutive Directors, (v) supervision of the selection criteria and appointment procedure for senior management, (vi) monitoring and evaluating reports on the Groups sustainable development policies and practices, management standards, strategy, performance and governance globally, and (vii) reviewing, assessing and making recommendations as to strategic guidelines for sustainability-related issues, and reviewing the annual Sustainability Report.

In 2018 the Audit Committee met seven times and the average attendance rate was 95.24 percent. At these meetings several matters were discussed, including the audit committee role and responsibilities, the Companys financial control and risk framework, risk assessment, internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the applicable rules, and a financial overview of operating results.

The Compensation Committee

The Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other things, assisting and advising the Board of Directors in: (i) determining executive compensation consistent with the Companys remuneration policy, (ii) reviewing and approving the remuneration structure for the executive Directors, (iii) administering

> Corporate Governance

The Governance and Sustainability Committee currently consists of Mr. John Elkann (Chairperson), Ms.Capaldo and Mr.Duca. The Governance and Sustainability Committee is elected by the Board of Directors and is comprised of at least three Directors. More than half of the members shall be independent under the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, and at most one of the members may be an executive Director.

In 2018 the Governance and Sustainability Committee met once with 100 percent attendance of its members at such meeting. The Committee reviewed the Board of Directors and Committees assessments, the Sustainability achievement and objectives, and the recommendations for Directors election.

In addition, as described above, the charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Governance and Sustainability Committee set forth independence requirements for their members for purposes of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code. Audit Committee members are also required to qualify as independent for purposes of NYSE rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act.

Conflict of Interest

A Director shall not participate in discussions and decision making of the Board of Directors with respect to a matter in relation to which he or she has a direct or indirect personal interest that is in conflict with the interests of the Company and the business associated with the Company (Conflict of Interest), which shall be determined outside the presence of the director concerned. All transactions, where there is a Conflict of Interest, must be concluded on terms that are customary in the branch concerned and approved by the Board of Directors. In addition, the Board of Directors as a whole may, on an ad hoc basis, resolve that there is such a strong appearance of a Conflict of Interest of an individual Director in relation to a specific matter, that it is deemed in the best interest of a proper decision making process that such individual Director be excused from participation in the decision making process with respect to such matter even though such Director may not have an actual Conflict of Interest.

Indemnification of Directors

At least annually, each Director shall assess in good faith whether (i) he or she is independent under (A) best practice provision 2.1.8 of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code, (B) the requirements

Loyalty Voting Structure

of Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act, and (C) Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual; and (ii) he or she would have a Conflict of Interest in connection with any transactions between the Company and a significant shareholder or related party of the Company, including affiliates of a significant shareholder (such conflict, a RelatedParty Conflict), it being understood that currently Exor N.V. (Exor) would be considered a significant shareholder.

Subject to meeting certain conditions, our common shares can be registered in our loyalty register (the Loyalty Register) and all such common shares may qualify as qualifying common shares (Qualifying Common Shares). The holder of Qualifying Common Shares is entitled to receive without consideration one special voting share in respect of each such Qualifying Common Share. Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Special Voting Shares (Terms and Conditions), and for so long as the Ferrari common shares remain in the Loyalty Register, such Ferrari common shares shall not be sold, disposed of, transferred, except in very limited circumstances (i.e., transfers to affiliates or to relatives through succession, donation or other transfers (defined in the Terms and Conditions as Loyalty Transferee)), but a shareholder may create or permit to exist any pledge, lien, fixed or floating charge or other encumbrance over such Ferrari common shares, provided that the voting rights in respect of such Ferrari common shares and any corresponding special voting shares remain with such shareholder at all times. Ferraris shareholders who want to directly or indirectly sell, dispose of, trade or transfer such Ferrari common shares or otherwise grant any right or interest therein, or create or permit to exist any pledge, lien, fixed or floating charge or other encumbrance over such Ferrari

Based on each Directors assessment described above, the Board of Directors shall make a determination at least annually regarding such Directors independence and such Directors RelatedParty Conflict. These annual determinations shall be conclusive, absent a change in circumstances from those disclosed to the Board of Directors, that necessitates a change in such determination.

Mr. Elkann is Chief Executive Officer of Exor, our and FCAs largest shareholder, and an executive director of FCA. FCA, Exor and a number of companies in the FCA and Exor groups are related parties to Ferrari, see Risk Factors -We may have potential conflicts of interest with FCA and Exor and its related companies and Note 29 Related Party Transactions to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Finally, Mr. Ferrari controls COXA S.p.A, from which Ferrari purchases components for Formula 1 racing cars, and HPE S.r.l., which provides consultancy engineering services to Ferrari, see Note 29 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

> Corporate Governance

For the purposes of this section a change of control shall mean, in respect of any Ferrari shareholder that is not an individual (natuurlijk persoon), any direct or indirect transfer in one or a series of related transactions as a result of which (i)a majority of the voting rights of such shareholder, (ii)the de facto ability to direct the casting of a majority of the votes exercisable at general meetings of shareholders of such shareholder and/or (iii)the ability to appoint or remove a majority of the directors, executive directors or board members or executive officers of such shareholder or to direct the casting of a majority or more of the voting rights at meetings of the board of directors, governing body or executive committee of such shareholder has been transferred to a new owner, provided that no change of control shall be deemed to have occurred if (a)the transfer of ownership and/or control is an intra-group transfer under the same parent company, (b)the transfer of ownership and /or control is the result of the succession or the liquidation of assets between spouses or the inheritance, inter vivos donation or other transfer to a spouse or a relative up to and including the fourth degree or (c)the fair market value of the Qualifying Common Shares held by such shareholder represents less than twenty percent (20 percent) of the total assets of the Transferred Group at the time of the transfer and the Qualifying Common Shares held by such shareholder, in the sole judgment of the Company, are not otherwise material to the Transferred Group or the change of control transaction. Transferred Group shall mean the relevant shareholder together with its affiliates, if any, over which control was transferred as part of the same change of control transaction within the meaning of the definition of change of control.

> Corporate Governance

profit as remains after allocation to reserves. For information on the rights attached to the special voting shares, please refer to the Articles of Association and the Terms and Conditions for the Special Voting Shares which can both be found on the Companys website and more in particular to the paragraph Loyalty Voting Structure of this Annual Report in the chapter Corporate Governance. As at 31 December 2018, the issued share capital of the Company consisted of 193,923,499 common shares, representing approximately 77.4 percent of the aggregate issued share capital, and 56,497,618 special voting shares, representing approximately 22.6 percent of the aggregate issued share capital. b. The Company has imposed no limitations on the transfer of common shares. The Articles of Association provide in Article 13 for transfer restrictions for special voting shares. c. For information on participations in the Companys capital in respect of which pursuant to Sections 5:34, 5:35 and 5:43 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) notification requirements apply, please refer to the chapter Major Shareholders of this Annual Report. There you will find a list of Shareholders who are known to the Company to have holdings of 3% or more at the stated date. d. No special control rights or other rights accrue to shares in the capital of the Company. e. A mechanism for verifying compliance with a scheme allowing employees to subscribe for or to acquire shares in the capital of the company or a subsidiary if the employees do not arrange for such verification directly is not applicable to the Company. f. No restrictions apply to voting rights attached to shares in the capital of the Company, nor are there any deadlines for exercising voting rights. The Articles of Association allow the Company to cooperate in the issuance of registered depositary receipts for common shares, but only pursuant to a resolution to that effect of the Board of Directors. The Company is not aware of any depository receipts having been issued for shares in its capital. g. The Company is not aware of the existence of any agreements with Shareholders which may result in

--- zona 5 (seccion: COMPLIANCE) ---
The above listed covered employees are required to achieve the applicable ownership threshold within 5 years, through acquisitions of Ferrari common shares as a result of the vesting of PSUs or RSUs until the required ownership level has been met, excluding any shares sold to pay taxes in connection with the granting of those shares.

> Remuneration of Directors

Scenario analysis

On an annual basis, the non-executive directors, upon proposal of the Compensation Committee, examined the relationship between the performance criteria chosen and the possible outcomes for the variable remuneration of our CEO (scenario analysis). To date, the non-executive directors believe the remuneration policy has proven effective in terms of establishing a correlation between Ferraris strategic goals and the chosen performance criteria, as the main key performance criteria of our CEOs long-term incentive plan (i.e. the Total Shareholder Return), which represents a significant part of the CEO compensation package, supports both Ferraris business strategy and value creation for our shareholders.

Remuneration policy for Non-Executive Directors

Remuneration of non-executive directors is approved by the Companys shareholders and periodically reviewed by the Compensation Committee.

Remuneration of non-executive directors is fixed and not dependent on the Companys financial results. Nonexecutive directors are not eligible for variable compensation and do not participate in any incentive plans.

The current annual remuneration for the non-executive directors (which was approved at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company, held on April 13, 2018) is:

$75,000 for each non-executive director.

An additional $10,000 for each member of the Audit Committee and $20,000 for the Audit Committee Chairman.

An additional $5,000 for each member of the Compensation Committee and the Governance and Sustainability Committee, and $15,000 for the Compensation Committee Chairman and the Governance and Sustainability Committee Chairman.

An additional $25,000 for the senior non-executive director.

All remuneration of the non-executive directors is paid in cash.

Implementation of Remuneration Policy in 2018

Directors Compensation

The following table summarizes the remuneration received by the members of the Board of Directors for the year ended December 31, 2018 from Ferrari and its subsidiaries.

(1) From 01/01/2018 to 07/21/2018: Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director. From 07/21/2018 to 12/31/2018: Chairman and Non-Executive Director.

(2) Relate to car benefits provided to Mr. Elkann and Mr. Ferrari in accordance with the remuneration policy.

(3) From 01/01/2018 to 07/21/2018: Senior Non-Executive Director. From 09/07/2018 to 12/31/2018: Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director.

--- zona 6 (seccion: METHODOLOGY AND SCOPE) ---
In the event that we are unable to continue production at either of these two facilities, we would need to seek alternative manufacturing arrangements which would take time and reduce our ability to produce sufficient cars to meet demand.

Our Maranello or Modena plants could become unavailable either permanently or temporarily for a number of reasons, including contamination, power shortage or labor unrest. In addition, Maranello and Modena are located in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy, which has the potential for seismic activity. If major disasters such as earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes, wars, terrorist attacks, pandemics or other events occur, our headquarters, Formula 1 activities and production facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay the production and shipment of our cars.

Our business depends on a significant number of suppliers that provide raw materials, parts and systems we require to manufacture cars and parts to run our business. We source materials from a limited number of suppliers. In addition, similar to other small volume car manufacturers, most of the key components we use in our cars are purchased from single source suppliers.

Dependence on limited number of suppliers for raw materials

Attraction, development and retention of talents (O)

--- zona 7 (seccion: FERRARI GROUP) ---
Controlled growth in adjacent luxury and lifestyle categories

> Non Financial Statement

Materiality Matrix of Ferrari Group

In 2018, we updated the analysis of the most relevant sustainability topics (materiality analysis), for our Group and our stakeholders, to better reflect sustainability context developments, changes in our drivers and goals and our 2019-2022 plan. This was done by also taking into account various stakeholder engagement initiatives carried out during the year. These initiatives have shown a significant convergence on the assessment of the most material topics for our stakeholders with respect to the Groups vision.

The potentially relevant topics were identified by taking into consideration sector benchmarking analyses, UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), international studies and publications.

The Senior Management Team (SMT) assessed through a questionnaire the relevance of the sustainability topics for our Group and our stakeholders. Furthermore, a sample of stakeholders was engaged in order to have a perception of the relative importance of the identified topics (as described in the Stakeholder engagement paragraph). This process has been complemented through a qualitative analysis by our SMT, which resulted in the materiality matrix below.

Materiality Matrix of Ferrari Group

Ethical business conduct

Customer satisfaction

Human capital

Emissions

Health and safety

Environmental commitment

Supply chain responsible management

Risk management & Compliance

Education

Diversity, inclusion and non-discrimination

Work-life balance and employees wellness

Local communities

Legend:

Governance and Economic Responsibility

Product Responsibility

People Responsibility

Environmental Responsibility

Social Responsibility

Important

Very important

The materiality matrix highlights the assessed topics that are most relevant for our Group and our stakeholders and therefore represent our strategic sustainability priorities.

Specifically, the most relevant topics are related to product responsibility: image and brand reputation, innovation, quality and safety of products and customers, customer satisfaction and supply chain responsible management. Special attention is also paid to ethical business conduct and risk management and compliance. The analysis also confirmed the importance of the development of human capital and the commitment to employees health and safety. With a particular focus on reducing emissions, the environmental responsibility is also a key aspect.

This materiality matrix translated into our sustainability approach characterized by:

MATERIAL TOPIC RELEVANT UNITED NATIONS SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS (SDGs)

1. A high attention and care for products and relationships with clients

--- zona 8 (seccion: 5. SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS) ---
Shared services provided by Ferrari S.p.A. 5,272 7,436

Personnel expenses include costs related to the equity incentive plan (see Note 15), compensation for NonExecutive Directors and employees. Detailed information on Board of Directors and key officer compensation is included in the Corporate Governance and Remuneration of Directors sections to the Annual Report.

At December 31, 2018 the Company had 22 full time equivalent employees (12 at December 31, 2017, all of which related to the UK branch), 12 of which relate to the UK Branch and 10 of which relate to the Italian Branch, the personnel transferred through the dividend in kind transaction described in Note 2 - Basis of preparation and significant accounting policies. All employees work outside of the Netherlands.

--- zona 9 (seccion: METHODOLOGY AND SCOPE) ---
Monitoring, reviewing, reporting and adapting to relevant changes in rules and regulations.

HSE (Health, Safety and Environment)

Strengthening IT infrastructure for standard operational procedures and guidance.

--- zona 10 (seccion: ) ---
Board Report

Board of Directors and Auditors 4 Letter from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 6 Certain Defined Terms and Note on Presentation 8 Selected Financial and Other Data 10 Creating Value for Our Shareholders 12 Risk Factors 14 Overview 39 Industry Overview 42 Overview of Our Business 46 Operating Results 84 Subsequent Events and 2019 Outlook 105 Major Shareholders 106 Corporate Governance 109 Non Financial Statement 137 Risk, Risk Management and Control Systems 170 Remuneration of Directors 177

Financial Statements

==============================================================================
INFORME: ENEL | ITALIA | 2021 | Annual report
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: NET EFFICIENT INSTALLED RENEWABLES CAPACITY) ---
Operations

SDG 2021 2020 Change

Net electricity generation (TWh) 222.6 207.1 15.5

of which:

7 - renewable (TWh) 108.8 105.4 3.4

7 Net efficient installed renewables capacity (GW) 50.1 45.0 5.1

7 Net efficient installed renewables capacity (%) 57.5% 53.6% 3.9

7 Additional efficient installed renewables capacity (GW) 5.18 2.91 2.27

9 Electricity transported on Enels distribution grid (TWh)(1) 510.3 485.2 25.1

9 Electricity distribution and transmission grid (km)(1) 2,233,368 2,232,023 1,345

Electricity sold by Enel (TWh) 309.4 298.2 11.2

(1) The figures for 2020 reflect a more accurate calculation of the numbers. (2) Of which 23.5 million second generation smart meters in 2021 and 18.2 million in 2020.

Net electricity generated by Enel in 2021 increased by 15.5 TWh (7.5%) from 2020. This rise mainly reflects an increase in wind generation (+6.8 TWh), mainly in Brazil and North

Net electricity generation by source (2021)

25.6% Hydroelectric

Wind

10.2% Fuel oil and turbo-gas

Solar

Total 222.6 TWh

2.8% Geothermal and other

6.2% Coal-red

Total renewable sources 48.9%

At the end of December 2021, the Groups net efficient installed capacity totaled 87.1 GW, an increase of 3.1 GW on 2020. During 2021, 2.6 GW of new wind capacity and 2.2 GW of new solar capacity were installed, while a number of com-

panies in Australia were fully consolidated (0.3 GW of solar capacity) after having been equity accounted until December 31, 2020. At the same time, a number of coal-fired plants in Italy and Spain were decommissioned (2.0 GW).

Net efficient installed capacity by source (2021)

32.0% Hydroelectric

13.5% Fuel oil and turbo-gas

Wind

7.9% Coal-red

Solar

Total 87.1 GW

1.1% Geothermal and other

Total renewable sources 57.5%

At the end of December 2021, the Groups net efficient installed renewables capacity reached 50.1 GW, an increase of 5.1 GW compared with 2020, and represents 57.5% of total net efficient installed capacity.

Fighting climate change and ensuring environmental sustainability

227 gCO2eq /kWh

--- zona 2 (seccion: DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES) ---
The fair value of Equity investments in other companies at FVOCI is determined for listed companies on the basis of the quoted price at the close of the year, while that for unlisted companies is based on a reliable valuation of the relevant assets and liabilities.

Financial assets from service concession arrangements at FVTPL concern electricity distribution operations in Brazil, mainly by Enel Distribuio Rio de Janeiro, Enel Distribuio Cear, and Enel Distribuio So Paulo, as well as the generation plant of PH Chucas in Costa Rica, and are accounted for in accordance with IFRIC 12.

Fair value was estimated as the net replacement cost based on the most recent rate information available and on the general price index for the Brazilian market. The current portion of Loan assets and other financial assets measured at fair value essentially regards investments of liquidity. Their fair value is determined using Level 1 market inputs. Level 3 of the non-current portion of Loan assets and other financial assets measured at fair value reports the receivable in respect of the sale of Slovak Power Holding, which amounted to 25 million at December 31, 2021. Its fair value was determined using the contractual price formula.

--- zona 3 (seccion: DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES) ---
Income statement

Electricity, gas and fuel purchases 4,613 6,363 - 2,572 -

(1) The figure includes Open Fiber SpA, which was considered an associate last year.

--- zona 4 (seccion: DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES) ---
52. Related parties

As an operator in the field of generation, distribution, transport and sale of electricity and the sale of natural gas, Enel carries out transactions with a number of companies directly or indirectly controlled by the Italian State, the Groups controlling shareholder.

Related party Relationship Nature of main transactions

Single Buyer Fully controlled (indirectly) by the Ministry for the Economy and Finance Purchase of electricity for the enhanced protection market

Cassa Depositi e Prestiti Group Directly controlled by the Ministry for the Economy and Finance Sale of electricity on the Ancillary Services Market (Terna) Sale of electricity transport services (Eni Group) Purchase of transport, dispatching and metering services (Terna) Purchase of postal services (Poste Italiane) Purchase of fuels for generation plants and natural gas storage and distribution services (Eni Group)

ESO - Energy Services Operator Fully controlled (directly) by the Ministry for the Economy and Finance Sale of subsidized electricity Payment of A3 component for renewable resource incentives

EMO - Energy Markets Operator Fully controlled (indirectly) by the Ministry for the Economy and Finance Sale of electricity on the Power Exchange (EMO) Purchase of electricity on the Power Exchange for pumping and plant planning (EMO)

normal market terms and conditions, which in some cases are determined by the Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and the Environment. The following tables summarize transactions with related parties, associates and joint ventures outstanding at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 and carried out during the period.

(39) For the 2019 LTI Plan, the grant date is November 12, 2019, i.e., the date of the meeting of the Board of Directors that approved the procedures and timing of the grant under the 2019 LTI Plan to the beneficiaries. For the 2020 LTI Plan, the grant date is September 17, 2020, i.e., the date of the meeting of the Board of Directors that approved the procedures and timing of the grant under the 2020 LTI Plan to the beneficiaries. For the 2021 LTI Plan, the grant date is September 16, 2021, i.e., the date of the meeting of the Board of Directors that approved the procedures and timing of the grant under the 2021 LTI Plan to the beneficiaries.

--- zona 5 (seccion: RISKS) ---
Energy factors

Open Country Risk is a quantitative model that extends the more conventional definition of country risk used in the existing literature by providing a more complete analysis of the risks involved, incorporating economic, financial, political, climate and energy factors.

tives at the national, regional or local levels. By quantifying standard international metrics, Total Societal Impact covers a wide range of economic, social and environmental indicators that play a strategic role in correctly assessing the social and environmental contribution of Enels projects. In fact, considering some of the indicators that can be analyzed, such as the contribution to GDP, the increase in income of the weakest social groups, the calculation of carbon dioxide emissions avoided and the recovery of end-of-life materials from a circular economy perspective, it is clearly now essential to have a broad overview of the situation in order to evaluate a specific project in a given country with a view to creating shared value for all.

The Open Country Risk model seeks to go beyond the more conventional definition of country risk, which focuses on the ability of a government to repay the debt it has issued, to offer a broader view of the risk factors that can impact a country. The model is divided into four risk components: economic; institutional and political; social; and energy factors. More specifically, the Open Country Risk model has the ambition to measure the economic resilience of individual countries, defined as the balance of their position with respect to the rest of the world, the effectiveness of internal policies, the vulnerabilities of their banking and corporate system that might portend systemic crises and their attractiveness in terms of economic growth, and finally a quantification of extreme climate events as a cause of stress at the environmental and economic level (economic factors). This is accompanied by an assessment of the robustness of the countrys institutions and the political context (institutional and political factors), an in-depth analysis of social phenomena, measuring the level of well-being, inclusion and social progress (social factors), and the effectiveness of the energy system and its positioning within the energy-transition process, as these are all essential factors for evaluating the sustainability of investments in the medium to long term (energy factors). Specifically, the introduction of extreme climate events within the Open Country Risk model makes it possible to develop a uniform assessment on the evolution of certain climate hazards at the country level on a global scale. More information on climate scenarios and the framework used within the Open Country Risk model is discussed in the section Risks and strategic opportunities associated with climate change. Finally, with regard to the analysis of the energy-transition process, the Open Country Risk model also includes risk and opportunity analyses designed for forecasting purposes, quantifying the actions and the paths taken by the individual countries. For example, the model incorporates various factors reflecting the weight of renewable sources in energy generation, the electrification process and the environmental sustainability of the national energy system, which together are crucial characteristics for evaluating the countrys potential growth and attractiveness in the medium to long term. In order to mitigate this risk, the model supports the capital allocation and investment evaluation processes. To further support the investment evaluation process, Enel has adopted a methodology called Total Societal Impact that, adopting an integrated approach based on advanced economic models, clearly and robustly expresses the direct, indirect and induced impacts of investment initia-

The year 2021 was the second year in a row in which the world had to face the COVID-19 health crisis. However, the economies of many mature and developing countries experienced a significant recovery last year after the sharp decline in 2020, with estimated global GDP growth of around 5.8% year-on-year in 2021. This progress was mainly achieved thanks to high vaccination rates (although there remain considerable disparities in vaccination coverage between high and low-income countries) and to the expansionary fiscal and monetary policies adopted by governments and central banks. Recent data show that the growth outlook for 2022 is less optimistic, with the pace of expansion set to slow compared with the previous year, with global annual GDP growth projected to be around 4%. This would be attributable to possible factors such as a resurgence of COVID-19 cases triggered by the spread of new variants around the world, continuing inflationary pressures with rising food and energy prices, which could cause inflation expectations to de-anchor from the targets pursued by central banks, and new supply interruptions. Finally, a range of economic and socio-political risk factors needs to be carefully monitored in Latin America as well. For example, a worsening of the pandemic caused by the spread of new variants could place a greater strain on healthcare systems in the countries of the area. Central banks in the area have been among the most reactive in raising interest rates in response to high levels of inflation, and could also continue to adopt such restrictive strategies in 2022, representing a downside risk to the economic recovery. Finally, other risks are connected with the high levels of public debt accumulated by governments in these two years of the pandemic, and with political uncertainty associated with elections in Brazil and Colombia or the potentially overly radical political agenda that might be pursued by the new President of Chile, Gabriel Boric.

Risks and strategic opportunities associated with climate change

The identification and management of risks connected with climate change and actions to seize opportunities

changes in climate conditions expose the Group to other risks or opportunities: for example, structural changes in temperature could cause changes in electricity demand and have an impact on output, while alterations in rainfall or wind conditions could impact the Groups business by increasing or decreasing potential electricity generation.

Climate change and the energy transition will impact Group activities in a variety of ways. In order to identify the main types of risk and opportunity and their impact on the business associated with them in a structured manner consistent with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), we have adopted a framework that explicitly represents the main relationships between scenario variables and types of risk and opportunity, specifying the strategic and operational approaches to managing them, comprising mitigation and adaptation measures. There are two main macro-categories of risks/opportunities: those connected with developments in physical variables and those linked to the evolution of the transition scenarios. The framework described has been created with a view to ensuring overall consistency, making it possible to analyze and evaluate the impact of physical and transition phenomena within solid alternative scenarios, constructed using a quantitative and modeling approach combined with ongoing dialogue with both internal stakeholders and external authorities. Physical risks are divided in turn between acute (i.e., extreme events) and chronic, with the former linked to extremely intense meteorological conditions and the latter to more gradual but structural changes in climate conditions. Extreme events expose the Group to the risk of prolonged unavailability of assets and infrastructure, the cost of restoring service, customer disruptions and so on. Chronic

The energy transition towards a more sustainable model characterized by a gradual reduction of CO2 emissions has risks and opportunities connected both with changes in the regulatory and legal context and trends in technology development and competition, electrification and the consequent market developments.

Consistent with the climate and transition scenarios used by Enel to determine risks and opportunities, the main transition-related phenomena are beginning to emerge in relation to customer behavior, industrial strategies being adopted in all economic sectors and regulatory policies. By 2030, the transition trends will become visible in response to the evolution of the context: the Enel Group has decided to guide and facilitate the transition, preparing to seize all the opportunities that may arise. As discussed previously, our strategic choices, which are already strongly oriented towards the energy transition, with more than 90% of investments directed at improving a number of the Sustainable Development Goals, enable us to incorporate risk mitigation and opportunity maximization by design, adopting a positioning that takes account of the medium- and long-term phenomena we have identified. The strategic choices are accompanied by the operating best practices adopted by the Group.

Framework of main risks and opportunities

The Group adopts best practices to manage the restoration of service as quickly as possible. We also work to implement investments in resilience (e.g., the Italian case). With regard to risk assessment in insurance, the Group has a loss prevention program for property risk that also assesses the main exposures to natural events, supported by preventive maintenance activities and internal risk management policies. Looking forward, the assessments will also include the potential impacts of long-term trends in the most significant climate variables.

Extreme events Risk: especially extreme weather/climate events.

The Group's geographical and technological diversification means that the impact of changes (positive and negative) in a single variable is mitigated at the global level. In order to ensure that operations always take account of weather and climate phenomena, the Group adopts a range of practices such as, for example, weather forecasting, real-time monitoring of plants and longterm climate scenarios to identify any chronic changes in renewable source availability.

Electricity demand is also affected by temperature, whose fluctuation can impact our business. Renewables generation can also be impacted by structural changes in resource availability.

Risk/opportunity: increase or decrease in electricity demand; increase or decrease in output.

The Group is minimizing its exposure to risks through the progressive decarbonization of its generation fleet. The Group's strategic actions, which are focused on investment in renewables, grids and customers, enable us to mitigate potential threats and exploit the opportunities connected with the energy transition. The Group is also actively contributing to the formation of public policies through its advocacy efforts. These activities are conducted within platforms for dialogue with stakeholders called "Energy Transition Roadmaps" that explore national decarbonization scenarios in the various countries in which Enel operates in environmental, economic and social terms.

Risk/opportunity: policies on CO2 prices and emissions, energy transition incentives, greater scope for investment in renewables and resilience.

Policies concerning the energy transition and resilience can impact the volume of and returns on investments.

Considering two alternative transition scenarios, the Group assesses the impact of rising trends in the proportion of renewable sources in the energy mix and the electrification of final energy consumption.

Risk/opportunity: changes in the prices of commodities and energy, evolution of energy mix, changes in retail consumption, changes in competitive environment.

The Group is maximizing opportunities by adopting a strategy founded on the energy transition, the electrification of energy consumption and rapid growth in renewables output.

Transition

Market

Considering two alternative transition scenarios, the Group assesses the impact of different trends in the electrification of energy consumption.

Product & Services Opportunity: increase in margins and greater scope for investment as a consequence of the transition in terms of greater penetration of electrical transport and new technologies for the electrification and energy efficiency of final consumption.

With the current trend in the penetration of electrification efficiency technologies, the Group considers two alternative transition scenarios to assess opportunities to scale up current businesses.

Transition

Technology

tive impact assessments performed to date are discussed below. The above activities are performed on the foundation of an ongoing effort during the year to analyze, assess and manage the information produced. As declared by the TCFD, the process of disclosing information on the risks and opportunities connected with climate change will be gradual and incremental from year to year.

The framework illustrated above also highlights the relationships that link the physical and transition scenarios with the potential impact on the Groups business. These effects can be assessed from the perspective of three time horizons: the short term (1-3 years), in which sensitivity analyses based on the Strategic Plan presented to investors in 2021 can be performed; the medium term (until 2029), in which it is possible to assess the effects of the energy transition; and the long term (2030-2050), in which chronic structural changes in the climate should begin to emerge. In order to facilitate the correct identification and management of the risks and opportunities associated with climate change, a Group policy was published in 2021 that describes the common guidelines for assessing these risks and opportunities. The Climate change risks and opportunities policy defines a shared approach for integrating issues relating to climate change and the energy transition into the Groups processes and activities, thus informing industrial and strategic choices to improve business resilience and long-term sustainable value creation, in line with the adaptation and mitigation strategy. The main steps considered in the policy are described below. Prioritization of phenomena and scenario analysis. These activities include the identification of physical and transition phenomena relevant to the Group and the consequent preparation of the scenarios to be considered, which are developed through the analysis and processing of data from internal and external sources. For the phenomena so identified, functions can be developed to connect the scenarios (for example, data on changes in renewable sources) to the operation of the business (for example, changes in expected potential output). Evaluation of impacts. This includes all the analyses and activities needed to quantify the effects at an operational, economic and financial level, consistent with the processes in which they are integrated (for example, design of new buildings, evaluation of operational performance, etc.). Operational and strategic actions. The information obtained from the previous activities is integrated into processes, informing the decisions of the Group and the business activities. Some examples of activities and processes that benefit from this are capital allocation, such as in the evaluation of investments in existing assets or new projects, the development of resilience plans, risk management and financing activities, engineering and business development.

Enels resilience to the energy transition and climate change

The impacts of climate change, technological evolution, the evolution of policies and changes in macroeconomic fundamentals make it ever more important to develop resilient business strategies, i.e., strategies capable of withstanding external shocks, and therefore of absorbing the causes of potential crises and thriving even when external conditions change, whether slowly or rapidly. Jointly considering the factors associated with energy-transition scenarios and the various climate change scenarios is therefore a prerequisite for long-term planning. The set of transition and climatic scenarios plays a role in guiding strategic and industrial decisions, taking account, for example, of the future effects of temperature on electricity demand, the investments necessary to support the process of ever greater electrification and decarbonization, the evolution of the market environment and of consumer habits. Given that Enels Strategic Plan concentrates more than 94% of investment on combatting climate change through the progressive expansion of generation from renewable sources and the development of infrastructure and services to guide energy systems and customers towards progressive electrification, while at the same time significant reducing the use of fossil fuels, the Groups investments and activities delineate, by design, a long-term growth path that is in line with an energy transition consistent with the Paris Agreement.

The application of long-term climate scenarios enables the construction of adaptation plans for the Groups asset and business portfolio. Climate scenarios are developed starting with the identification of the most relevant physical phenomena for each business (such as heat waves, extreme rainfall, fire risk, etc.), to produce analyses that provide both high-level indicators (such as comparable country risk indices) and high-resolution data, which make it possible to study physical hazards at the single-site level. The approach applies to both the existing portfolio and new investments. Asset vulnerability assessment makes it possible to identify priority actions to increase resilience.

The main sources of risk and opportunity identified, the best practices for the operational management of weather and climate phenomena, and the qualitative and quantita-

Scenario integration

Prioritization

Site specic (e.g., high resolution climate data)

Vulnerability assessment

--- zona 6 (seccion: DERIVATIVE LIABILITIES) ---
Note also that, based on the findings of the board review and taking account of the

provisions of the policy on the diversity of its members (approved on January 29,

2018), the Board of Statutory Auditors - in view of the election of a new Board of

--- zona 7 (seccion: SA) ---
The increase in the item is mainly attributable to: 3,262 million in respect of an increase in cash collateral paid to counterparties for derivatives transactions; 110 million in respect of the increase in the current portion of long-term financial assets, which essentially

the increase in financial assets relating to the deficit of the Spanish electricity system (47 million); an increase in financial assets for security deposits (61 million).

30. Other non-current assets 3,268 million

Millions of euro

Amounts due from institutional market operators increased by 56 million, mainly in Spain as a result of the remuneration of distribution operations.

31. Other current assets 5,002 million

Millions of euro

The increase of 316 million in sundry tax assets is mainly attributable to an increase in credits for indirect taxes and duties in Spain (169 million) and Latin America (194 million), partially offset by a decline in such items in Italy (42 million). Amounts due from others increased, mainly due to an increase in receivables for settled derivatives transactions in commodities (303 million), primarily registered in Italy and Spain, partially offset by a decrease in assets in respect of security deposits and an increase in loss allowances.

Amounts due from institutional market operators include amounts due in respect of the Italian system in the amount of 1,519 million (890 million at December 31, 2020) and the Spanish system in the amount of 667 million (337 million at December 31, 2020). The increase was essentially attributable to the increase in amounts receivable in Italy in respect of the Energy and Environmental Services Fund, mainly held by e-distribuzione (346 million) and Servizio Elettrico Nazionale (1,046 million), primarily connected with equalization mechanisms.

32. Inventories 3,109 million

--- zona 8 (seccion: CIRCULAR INPUTS) ---
related revenue recognition policies. For information on the use of estimates with revenue from contracts with customers, please see note 2.1 Use of estimates and management judgment.

Sale/transport of electricity/gas to end users

An electricity/gas supply agreement signed with an end user includes a single performance obligation (sale and transport of the commodity) because the Group has determined that the contract does not provide distinct goods/services and the promise is satisfied by transferring control over the commodity to the customer when it is delivered at the point of delivery. In order to determine the nature of the promise included in such contracts, the Group carefully analyzes the facts and circumstances applicable to each contract and commodity. However, the Group considers that the performance obligation provided for in a repetitive service contract, such as a supply or transport contract for the provision of electricity/gas to end users, is typically satisfied over time (because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the commodity as it is delivered) as part of a series of distinct goods/services (i.e., each unit of commodity) that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer. In these cases, the Group applies an output method to recognize revenue in the amount to which it has a right to invoice the customer if that amount corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the performance completed to date.

Revenue from the sale and transport of electricity/gas to end users is recognized when these commodities are delivered to the customer and is based on the quantities provided during the period, even if these have not yet been invoiced. It is determined using estimates as well as periodic meter readings. Where applicable, this revenue is based on the rates and related restrictions established by law or by the Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks and the Environment (ARERA) and analogous foreign authorities during the applicable period.

The network connection fees received from customers for connecting them to the electricity/gas distribution networks require a specific Group assessment to take into consideration all terms and conditions of the connection arrangements. This assessment is intended to determine whether the contract includes other distinct goods or services, such as for example the right to obtain ongoing access to the infrastructure in order to receive the commodity or, when the connection fee is a non-refundable up-front fee paid at or near contract inception, a material right that gives rise to a performance obligation. In particular, in some countries in which the Group operates, it has determined that the nature of the consideration received represents a non-refundable up-front fee whose payment provides a material right to the customer. In order to determine if the period over which this material right should be recognized extends beyond the initial contractual period, the Group takes into consideration the applicable local legal and regulatory framework applicable to the contract and affecting the parties. In such cases, if there is an implied assignment of the material right and an obligation from the initial customer to the new customer, the Group recognizes the connection fee over a period beyond the relationship with the initial customer, considering the concession terms as the period during which the initial customer and any future customer can benefit from the ongoing access without paying an additional connection fee. As a consequence, the fee is recognized over the period for which the payment creates an obligation for the Group to make the lower prices available to future customers (i.e., the period during which the customer is expected to benefit from the ongoing access service without having to pay an up-front fee upon renewal).

Revenue from monetary and in-kind fees for connection to the electricity and gas distribution network is recognized on the basis of the satisfaction of the performance obligations included in the contract. The identification of distinct goods or services requires a careful analysis of the terms and conditions of the connection arrangements, which could vary from country to country based on the local context, regulations and law. In order to finalize this assessment, the Group considers not only the characteristics of the goods/services themselves (i.e., the good or service is capable of being distinct) but also the implied promises for which the customer has a valid expectation as it views those promises as part of the negotiated exchange, that is goods/services that the customer expects to receive and has paid for (i.e., the promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract). Furthermore, the Group acts as an agent in some contracts for electricity/gas network connection services and other related activities, depending on local legal and regulatory framework. In such cases, it recognizes revenue on a net basis, corresponding to any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled.

The construction contracts typically include a performance obligation satisfied over time. For these contracts, the Group generally considers it appropriate to use an input method for measuring progress, except when a specific contract analysis suggests the use of an alternative method that better depicts the Groups performance obligation fulfilled at the reporting date.

--- zona 9 (seccion: CIRCULAR INPUTS) ---
Cases of State aid

In June, the European Commission approved State aid schemes financed by the Recovery and Resilience Facility (RRF) for a number of Member States. Italys 191.5 billion recovery and resilience plan (of which 68.9 billion in grants and 122.6 billion in loans) will allocate 37% of total spending to support measures for climate objectives, including large-scale restructuring investments aimed at

Regulatory framework by Business Line

--- zona 10 (seccion: RISKS) ---
Risks are defined in a risk catalog that serves as a reference for all areas of the Group and for all the units involved in management and monitoring processes. The adoption of a common language facilitates the mapping and comprehensive representation of risks within the Group, thus facilitating

Climate change Risk associated with delayed or inadequate strategic and operational initiatives for climate change adaptation and mitigation.

Competitive environment Risk associated with evolving market trends that may affect the Groups competitive positioning in the markets, growth and profitability.

Innovation Risk associated with inadequate technology scouting, erroneous or incomplete analysis of the uncertainty, complexity or feasibility of innovative projects.

Strategic

Risk associated with adverse developments in the legislative or regulatory environment that are not promptly identified, assessed or managed.

Risk associated with a deterioration in global economic and geopolitical conditions associated with economic, financial, political, social or macroeconomic crises.

Strategic planning and capital allocation Risk associated with scenarios that do not capture emerging trends, compromising the implementation of timely mitigation actions.

Corporate culture and ethics Risk associated with the inadequate integration of the Groups principles of ethics, diversity and equal opportunities in corporate processes and activities.

Corporate governance Risk associated with ineffective corporate governance rules and/or a lack of integrity and transparency in decision-making processes.

Governance and Culture

Reputation Risk of adversely impacting the public image of the Group and prejudicing the relationship of trust with shareholders.

Risk of ineffective engagement with the main stakeholders in Enels strategic positioning in terms of sustainability and financial objectives, with potential adverse effects on its reputation and competitiveness.

Stakeholders

IT effectiveness Risk associated with ineffective IT system support for business processes and operational activities.

==============================================================================
INFORME: STELLANTIS NV | PAISES BAJOS | 2021 | Annual report
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE) ---
Mr. Olivier was born in Algiers, Algeria in 1960. He is a graduate of Ecole Polytechnique (France), holds an engineering degree from Ecole des Mines de Paris and an MBA from the University of Chicago.

Carl Smiley Carl Smiley is currently Chief Operating Officer India and Asia Pacific. He was appointed Chief Purchasing & Supply Chain Officer and a member of FCAs GEC in January 2019.

Previously, Mr. Smiley was a Senior Vice President and General Manager for TE Connectivity for the Asia Pacific Region since 2012. From 2006 to 2011, Mr. Smiley held a number of advancing roles within Magna Steyr.

--- zona 2 (seccion: FCA) ---
In January 2017, NHTSA issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) designed to enable vehicle-to-vehicle communication technology. Rulemaking in this area has been inactive since then, and any additional costs that would have been associated with the NPRM are deferred for the foreseeable future. However, NHTSA has engaged with industry to confirm continued interest in facilitating the growth of this technology.

Furthermore, NHTSA has issued non-binding guidelines for addressing cybersecurity issues in the design and manufacture of new motor vehicles, as well as guidance for the investigation and validation of cybersecurity measures.

In November 2020, voters in the State of Massachusetts passed a ballot initiative appearing to conflict with NHTSA cybersecurity guidelines and may require manufacturers to disable or compromise some of the cybersecurity measures they have put in place. The complete effects of this new law are still under review. In the meantime, the Alliance for Automation Innovation, an industry association to which Stellantis belongs, has filed a lawsuit seeking to enjoin enforcement of the new law and the litigation is pending.

A new FMVSS requiring artificial sound in electric and hybrid electric vehicles took effect for new motor vehicles built on or after March 1, 2021. The artificial sound is intended to provide audible notice of the presence of the electric or hybrid electric vehicle to persons with impaired vision.

In January 2018, Mexico issued an amendment to the Consumers' Protection Law (CPL) regarding safety regulations based on U.S. standards. The CPL, among other things, includes a deadline for vehicle manufacturers to provide to the Federal Consumer Protection Agency (i) the launch date and a detailed description of every safety campaign applicable to vehicles sold in Mexico, (ii) mandatory recall campaigns, based on international agencies' investigations and guidelines, (iii) mandatory repurchase, repair or replacement (with a new vehicle model having the same characteristics) of vehicles that risk the consumer's safety, health or life or threatens the consumer's personal financial condition, and (iv) mandatory product withdrawal, when the Federal Consumer Protection Agency determines that the vehicle could risk the consumer's safety, health or life or affect the consumer's personal financial condition. The rules of the CPL became effective in December 2019 and in addition to the rules mentioned above, the consumer may also be eligible for compensation related to a recall.

Enlarged Europe

--- zona 3 (seccion: 2021 STELLANTIS ANNUAL INCENTIVE PLAN) ---
The SAIP allows the CEO to earn from 50% (attaining threshold performance) to 200% (attaining maximum level of performance) of his target incentive opportunity. Performance below the threshold will result in a zero payout for that particular metric.

All performance-related goals were approved by the Remuneration Committee before the end of the first quarter of 2021. Goals include both financial and strategic goals important for the Company to achieve during the integration of FCA N.V. and Groupe PSA amid the COVID-19 pandemic and headwinds facing the automotive industry from the unfilled semiconductor orders. The 2021 SAIP also included payout triggers whereby if not met during the performance year, no bonus is payable regardless if the other performance financial or business metrics would provide a bonus.

The framework for the 2021 SAIP Performance metrics is as follows:

Payout Triggers : Must meet minimum level of achievement to consider any SAIP payout Free Cash Flow Positive Free Cash Flow (Industrial) for 2021 CO2 Emissions Must comply with European Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) throughout all of 2021

Adjusted operating income/(loss) excludes from Net profit/(loss) from continuing operations adjustments comprising restructuring, impairments, asset write-offs, disposals of investments and unusual operating income/(expense) that are considered rare or discrete events and are infrequent in nature, as inclusion of such items is not considered to be indicative of the Company's ongoing operating performance. AOI, for the SAIP metric, also excludes any adjustments from purchase accounting.

Industrial free cash flows is our key cash flow metric and is calculated as Cash flows from operating activities less: cash flows from operating activities from discontinued operations; cash flows from operating activities related to financial services, net of eliminations; investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities, contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries and equity method investments; adjusted for: net intercompany payments between continuing operations and discontinued operations, proceeds from disposal of assets and contributions to defined benefit pension plans, net of tax. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for the full description of this measure.

Crucial goal to deliver value from the merger between FCA and PSA Groupe. Measuring synergies will exclude implementation costs, according to integration methodologies for consistency and considered on a cash basis

Measured by two product quality rates and two service quality customer satisfaction scores/index

In 2021, the Company achieved the payout triggers with a positive free cash flow and compliance with CAFE, as defined above, throughout 2021. As a result, the amount of the 2021 SAIP payable to the CEO was determined as follows:

--- zona 4 (seccion: FCA) ---
The Company's overall market share in 2021 in Enlarged Europe 30 is in line with in 2020 at 22.1 percent, primarily reflecting 0.4 percent volume increase with the main contribution of Jeep (increase of 5.3 percent) and Opel/Vauxhall (increase of 2.3 percent). In 2021 Stellantis also maintained commercial vehicles market leadership with 33.7 percent.

In Enlarged Europe, our sales are largely weighted to passenger cars, with an estimation of 48.1 percent of total vehicle sales in the small car segment for 2021, reflecting demand for smaller vehicles due to driving conditions prevalent in many European cities and stringent environmental regulations.

Enlarged Europe Distribution

--- zona 5 (seccion: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE) ---
incentive

_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ (1) As noted in FCA N.V. Remuneration Reports, obligations remained outstanding with the estate of Mr. Marchionne. During 2021, these payments were made consistent with obligations set forth in his employment agreement and included legacy Board payments owing from FCA US LLC. (2) Board of Directors of FCA N.V. from January 1, 2021 - January 16, 2021. Amounts shown above represent remuneration earned during that time period. (3) The stated amount represents the retention benefit received pursuant to the retention agreements approved by the Shareholders as part of the merger. Description of the retention agreement can be found in the Remuneration to Former Executive Directors of FCA N.V. section of this report.

Remuneration to Former Executive Directors of FCA N.V.

Remaining obligations of 26,080,867 were due to the Estate of Mr. Sergio Marchionne pursuant to his employment agreement, including his post mandate benefit of 5 x base compensation and including legacy Board payments owing from FCA US LLC as shown in Table 2. Mr. Mike Manley and Mr. Richard Palmer were entitled to retention benefits under which they were eligible to receive a one-time cash award, payable at certain times after closing of the merger. Additionally, under FCAs Equity Incentive Plan, certain changes in roles following the closing of the merger (including no longer serving as a member of the board of directors) entitles Long Term Incentive (LTI) plan participants to a qualifying termination of employment, with cumulated accelerated vesting of all awards under the plan and severance payments as contemplated by their respective employment agreement as applicable.

--- zona 6 (seccion: FINANCIAL OVERVIEW) ---
490 million of restructuring costs related to reorganization of operations, primarily in Enlarged Europe;

222 million provision recognized for estimated probable loss to settle matters under investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice primarily related to criminal investigations associated with U.S. diesel emissions matters

178 million relating to the net gain on disposal of investment, primarily related to the disposal of Changan PSA Auto Company Ltd (CAPSA), which was a joint venture in China; and

--- zona 7 (seccion: CORPORATE GOVERNANCE) ---
At least one general meeting of shareholders shall be held every year, with such meeting to be held within six months after the close of the financial year. The purpose of the annual general meeting of shareholders is, inter alia, the adoption of the annual accounts, the allocation of profits (including the proposal to distribute dividends), granting discharge to Directors in respect of the performance of their duties, the appointment of Directors, if applicable, and the discussion of any other item duly included in the agenda.

Furthermore, general meetings of shareholders shall be held as often as the Board of Directors, the Chairman, the Senior Independent Director or the CEO deem it necessary to hold them or as otherwise required by Dutch law (including in the event Stellantis equity has decreased to an amount equal to or less than one-half of the paid-up and called-up part of Stellantis issued capital, as referred to in Section 2:108a of the Dutch Civil Code), without prejudice to what is provided in the next paragraph.

Shareholders individually or jointly representing at least ten percent of the issued share capital may request in writing, stating the matters to be dealt with, that the Board of Directors call a general meeting of shareholders.

--- zona 8 (seccion: FCA) ---
Shares

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ (1)Issued shares includes common shares as well as 208,622 Class B special voting shares. Refer also to Corporate Governance - Articles of Association and Information on

Stellantis Shares - Share Capital for additional information. (2)EPF, through Peugeot Invest and its subsidiary Peugeot 1810, owns 224,228,121 common shares (7.16 percent of the issued shares) (3)BPI owns 192,703,907 common shares (6.15 percent of the issued shares). BPI is a joint venture of EPIC Bpifrance (Bpi Groupe) and Caisse des Dpots et Consignations (both

--- zona 9 (seccion: PSU TSR) ---
Other provisions for employees

Other provisions for employees primarily included long-term disability benefits, supplemental unemployment benefits, variable and other deferred compensation, as well as bonuses granted for tenure at the Company.

21. Provisions

--- zona 10 (seccion: FINANCIAL OVERVIEW) ---
The increase in Selling, general and other costs in 2021 as compared with 2020 primarily related to the impact of the merger, with Selling, general and other costs of approximately 5.0 billion relating to the operations of the former FCA.

The Pro Forma Selling, general and other costs in 2021 were largely in line with 2020, with higher marketing expense in North America and South America to support launches of new products being offset mainly by lower advertising spending in Enlarged Europe.

The decrease in Selling, general and other costs in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily due to a significant reduction in selling expenses and cost-cutting initiatives with respect to general and administrative expenses in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

==============================================================================
INFORME: ASML Holding NV | PAISES BAJOS | 2024 | Annual report
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: CE 3.2) ---
Long-term incentive bonus plans Our LTI plans are covered by an overarching Employee Umbrella Share Plan, which is effective as of January 1, 2014, and covers all employees. The main purpose of the grants of Equity Incentives under this Employee Umbrella Share Plan is to continue to attract, reward and retain qualified and experienced industry professionals in an international labor market. All grants under the Employee Umbrella Share Plan typically have a vesting period of 2.5to-3 years and are subject to performance and/or service criteria.

Participants are entitled to a conditional grant of company shares upon awarding. Performance plans are subject to cliff vesting and are accounted for on a straight-line basis. Service-only plans are subject to graded vesting. Each installment of the plan is therefore accounted as a separate grant with a separate fair value. This means that each installment will be separately measured and attributed to expense over the related vesting period. Expenses for the market-based element are recognized during vesting at a fixed vesting level (as the vesting expectation is incorporated in the fair value) provided that all other performance conditions are met. Expenses for the non-marketbased elements and service plans are recognized during vesting at expected vesting levels, which are updated during the vesting period as necessary, with a final update/adjustment at vesting date. All share-based remuneration expenses are recognized as personnel expense, with a corresponding entry in equity, during the vesting period of the award. Share-based remuneration expenses are included in the same income statement line or lines in the functional grouped Consolidated statement of operations as the compensation paid to the employees receiving the stock-based awards.

As part of our LTI bonus, employees can be granted either a service or performance share-based payment plan. For service-type plans, shares are granted at grant date, and after having been in service for a set period, the participant is awarded these shares at the vesting date. For performance plans, the same conditions apply as a service-type plan. Additionally, the shares are conditionally granted and awarded based on the company-specific performance criteria, which can be split between market- and non-market-based elements. These shares vest after completion of the service period and the performance reached at vesting date.

The General Meeting approved the adoption of the most recent Remuneration Policy for the Board of Management and the number of shares to be issued. The most recent Remuneration Policy includes the target and maximum levels of the LTI plans, the performance measures and pay-out zone percentages. The policies for employees are approved by the Board of Management. The General Meeting also approved the restrictions and limits to the Board of Management for issuance/granting of ordinary shares, limits for restricting or excluding the pre-emption rights accruing to shareholder, and the restrictions and limits to the Board of Management for repurchasing ordinary shares on behalf of the company.

The most important assumptions for the calculation of the fair value of shares for the LTI performance plans, which include market-based performance criteria, are set out in the following table:

The table below shows the performance criteria and the corresponding weight of the LTI performance plans granted in 2024.

ESG measures Non-market 20%

Notes to the Consolidated financial statements (continued)

--- zona 2 (seccion: CE 3.2) ---
For a 1.0% decrease in interest rates there would be approximately an equal but opposite effect on net income and equity.

Liquidity risk management Our principal sources of liquidity consist of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and available credit facilities, with the objective of maintaining sufficient liquidity to ensure continued business growth and to provide a buffer for cash flow volatility. In addition, we may from time to time raise additional funding in debt and equity markets. We seek to ensure that our principal sources of liquidity will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements at all times.

Hedging policy interest rates We use interest rate swaps to minimize the net interest exposure for the group by aligning the interest terms of the available cash and the interest-bearing debt. There may be residual interest rate risk to the extent the asset and liability positions do not fully offset.

Interest rate swaps The notional principal amount of the outstanding interest rate swap contracts as of December31, 2024, was 3.3 billion (2023: 3.3 billion). During 2024, these outstanding hedges were highly effective in hedging the fair value exposure to interest rate movements. We did not enter into interest rate swaps in connection with the Eurobonds issued in 2020.

--- zona 3 (seccion: EBIT %) ---
Allan received the grant in anticipation of his appointment to the Board of Management. 3. Wayne R. Allan's 2024 Long-Term Incentive (LTI) expense does not include the accounting release associated with the 2022 LTI plans that vested, as he was not a member of the Board of Management at the time this plan was granted in 2022. 4. James (Jim) P. Koonmen was appointed as a member of the Board of Management on April 24, 2024. Although he was not a member of the Board of Management at the time of the grant, James (Jim) P. Koonmen received the grant in anticipation of his appointment to the Board of

Management. 5. James (Jim) P. Koonmen's remuneration is paid in U.S. dollars. In 2024, his U.S. dollar-denominated equivalent of his cumulative base salary as a member of the Board of Management was $560,259 (515,837). His 2024 Short-Term Incentive (STI) payout is calculated based on his U.S.

dollar-denominated equivalent cumulative base salary, resulting in a total of $762,512 (702,054). 6. Wayne R. Allan (2024: 102,867) and James (Jim) P. Koonmen (2024: 177,055) received compensation to address the effects of double taxation in both the Netherlands and the United States.

Board of Management remuneration (continued)

Total remuneration former Board of Management Peter T.F.M. Wennink and Martin A. van den Brink are no longer part of the Board of Management, as they retired as Presidents from ASML on April 24, 2024.

Total remuneration P.T.F.M. Wennink1 2024 345 82 119 2 546 10.9% 494 3 3,953 4,447 89.1% 0.12 4,993 2023 1,040 248 61 1,349 22.7% 1,400 3,192 4,592 77.3% 0.29 5,941 2022 1,020 206 58 1,284 30.0% 961 2,035 2,996 70.0% 0.43 4,280 M.A. van den Brink1 2024 345 82 111 2 538 10.8% 494 3 3,953 4,447 89.2% 0.12 4,985 2023 1,040 248 59 1,347 22.7% 1,400 3,192 4,592 77.3% 0.29 5,939 2022 1,020 206 57 1,283 30.0% 961 2,035 2,996 70.0% 0.43 4,279 Total former Board of Management 2024 690 164 230 1,084 10.9% 988 7,906 8,894 89.1% 0.12 9,978 2023 2,080 496 120 2,696 22.7% 2,800 6,384 9,184 77.3% 0.29 11,880 2022 2,040 412 115 2,567 30.0% 1,922 4,070 5,992 70.0% 0.43 8,559

--- zona 4 (seccion: ) ---
If I look at the future growth of ASML, then of course lithography remains one of the key drivers of Moores Law, and we believe this will continue to be true for many, many years. At the same time, as we realized several years ago, 2D shrink is becoming more and more difficult. This is not necessarily because of limitations in lithography, but because we have almost reached the limitations of the transistors that our Logic and Memory customers are using. In order to continue to make progress on 2D shrink, we need architecture and device innovation. That means 3D front-end integration, which will in turn present a growth opportunity for us because 3D integration depends on bonding and this requires holistic lithography. I think that 3D integration is set to be an increasingly important complementary technology, orset of technologies, to 2D shrink. Q Stakeholders are integral to

Engagement with broader society, including local communities and governments in the regions around the world we operate in, is equally important. For example, we are engaging and investing proactively in the region around our Veldhoven headquarters, working hand in hand with the community. In fact, there has been a significant discussion this year about strengthening the industry in the Brainport Eindhoven region and the Netherlands, through partnerships and funding from authorities and industry that are designed to create societal solutions and fuel future economic growth in a responsible way. By collaborating with the Brainport Eindhoven community, we can build a future that works for ASML as well as for the broader society.

Christophe Fouquet President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Management

Regular customer engagement helps us to understand our customers needs and can shape our technology development to meet them fostering collaboration that not only enhances customer satisfaction but also supports our market position. We could not meet customer needs without the support of our suppliers, who provide essential components and materials, and help us maintain the high quality and reliability of our products. Strong partnerships with suppliers also promote innovation, enabling us to develop cutting-edge solutions together. Ultimately, the success of our customers and the strength of our supply chain are intertwined, making both groups absolutely central to our business strategy.

ASMLs success. How do you engage and collaborate with them? Our stakeholder relationships with customers, employees, suppliers, shareholders and society are incredibly important to us and we work hard to create and maintain strong relationships with them. Trust is an essential part of partnership, and while weve successfully focused on building trust with our customers, we are now striving to extend that notion to all of our stakeholders. That means sharing our future vision, being transparent about what comes next and how a particular stakeholder can play a role.

In conversation (continued) With our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Management Christophe Fouquet

Q Sustainability is an important

Q What are your top priorities

topic for all stakeholders. How is ASML performing? The technology sector can fundamentally support other industries and society to achieve critical ESG targets. For example, the industry will require major innovation to reduce cost and energy consumption related to AI this will drive collaborative advancements that benefit the entire ecosystem. We have the chance to contribute in ways beyond what we do here at ASML. Some of these ways are showcased in case studies throughout this report, and they are a real source of pride and motivation for a lot of our people. Im pleased with the progress we have made on scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. I believe our environmental programs are strong and meaningful, and put us and our industry well ahead of many other industries. For the first time, we shipped a DUV system and a metrology system via sea instead of air in 2024. This is a relatively minor example of how were addressing ESG, but it shows how wide we cast the net when looking for ways to make a difference. For us, ESG has never been a fad or a fleeting fashion. It is simply the right thing to do not only for ASML, but for everybody else too. As you can see from the extensive Sustainability statements section in this Annual Report, the ASML team has done a tremendous job preparing for the newly announced ESRS (European Sustainability Reporting Standards) reporting requirements. We are reporting as of this year in accordance with those ESRS requirements an extraordinary achievement.

for 2025 and beyond?

Without doubt, it has a major role to play. Alot has changed over the last 40 years. The industry has moved on, customer expectations have ramped up, and the opportunities for technology have exploded. And while our culture and diverse workforce has been instrumental in getting us to where we are today, we need to constantly raise the bar and make sure it is totally aligned with the task ahead.

The technology sector can fundamentally support other industries and society to achieve critical ESG targets.

Christophe Fouquet President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Management

In conversation (continued) With our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Management Christophe Fouquet

So our aim is not just to maintain this culture we want to enrich it. By that I mean we have to be a lot better in every aspect of what we do, with the emphasis on flexibility, time to market, cost, quality, ownership and simplification. While it is the job of ASMLs leadership to create and support this new enriched culture, it is also the responsibility of every single employee in the company. This must be an evolution, not a revolution, and it goes back to one of our core values: challenge. We need to challenge our own culture, retaining the best elements while adding in new ones in order to be an even better company. This becomes even more important as our headcount grows and new employees join ASML. Diversity will continue to have a big part to play because it enables us to look at things from a range of different perspectives. This is something weve done with great success for many years. The challenge is that sometimes inclusion does not come as naturally as diversity. Put simply, we need to do more to make everybody regardless of background or culture feel at home and welcome. ASML is a place that can turn any difference into an asset.

As always, the period ahead will see our customers remaining at the center of ASML strategy and we believe that lithography will continue to be at the heart of their innovation processes. Even for advanced chip manufacturing processes, lithography is still the best way to drive down costs and energy consumption. ESG will also remain a key factor in everything we do. In recent years, we have worked very hard with our partners to make sure that our industry as a whole can lead the way on ESG. We have already taken huge strides, and we are committed to collaborating with our customers and our suppliers in order to make sure that we achieve the commitments we have made. I would like to end by paying tribute to the skills and commitment of our people. Everything we have discussed here all the innovation, growth and other achievements is only possible because of our team. All our stakeholders recognize that our employees are our greatest strength. When we decide to do something, we get it done and I want to thank everybody at ASML for getting it done, time and time again, not just over the past 12 months, but throughout the last 40 years. Together, we can look forward to achieving even more in 2025.

Q Whats the business outlook

Although the rest of the market is recovering more slowly than anticipated, the emergence of AI is a significant opportunity. We expect that global semiconductor sales will grow by 9% compound annual growth rate over the period 2025 to 2030 and passing the $1trillion mark in 2030. The industry will require major innovations to address the need to improve cost and energy consumption on AI, and this will require further boosting the industry roadmap.

Powering technology forward...

--- zona 5 (seccion: EBIT %) ---
Product use

Read more in Sustainability statements General disclosures Impact, risk and opportunity management

Reducing energy use Through our energy efficiency strategy, we aim to minimize energy demand across our value chain by taking the following steps:

Sustainable sources: Wind, solar, hydro or geothermal

These sub-topics cover the most relevant emission categories for ASML across scope 1,2 and 3, according to the GHG Protocol. Inaddition, the ICT industry also has a material impact on the broader emissions of society, as defined by our DMA.

Local: As close as possible to where electricity is used and on the same grid

Analyze: Understand energy use and GHG emissions to identify focus areas and opportunities to improve (as an enabler for other steps)

Additional capacity: Commercial operation date (start date of delivering electricity to the grid) of newly contracted projects maximally one year ago

There are smaller scope 3 categories that we do not address explicitly. Although the resulting GHG emissions reduction is an integral part of overall target-setting for scope 3, these categories (fuel- and energy-related activities, waste generated in operations and end-of-life treatment) make up less than 0.1% of our total scope 3 emissions.

Bundled: Renewable electricity certificates and electricity bundled in long-term contracts

Energy efficiency and climate action: How we're managing (continued)

Levers for action

Making carbon a financial consideration

Compensating residual emissions Following the hierarchy outlined above, we aim to minimize GHG emissions from our activities as much as possible. Where this is not feasible, we plan to compensate emissions from our own operations, business travel and commuting, by retiring the same volume of voluntary emission reduction certificates (VERs, also called offsets or carbon credits) or equivalent, in a phased approach, starting in 2025.

fulfill best-practice quality criteria additionality, permanence, accurate quantification and transparency and are validated by leading third-party standards. In ASMLs offset portfolio only removal offsets (nature- and/or tech-based) are considered eligible.

limited availability and poor costeffectiveness. These innovative solutions may, however, be considered as potential investment opportunities in our ESG innovation investment program.

In addition to our selection criteria described above, we will aim to prioritize sourcing recent vintage offsets from projects in regions where we operate. This allows us to maintain closer oversight of project governance, including the opportunity for inperson site visits, and aligns with our goal of purchasing offsets where the carbon removal impact has been achieved in recent years. Offsetting residual emissions will start in 2025. As of December 31, 2024, ASML did not hold any VERs based on existing contractual agreements.

The composition of our offset portfolio will be based on combined guidance from various external sources, such as the (Revised) Oxford Principles for Net Zero Aligned Carbon Offsetting, SBTis Beyond Value Chain Mitigation report, peer benchmarking and regulatory developments in the EU. We intend that the initial portfolio to offset our residual emissions (from 2025 onward) will only contain nature-based removal projects (such as afforestation and reforestation), since tech-based options (such as direct air capture) currently have

Our internal carbon price is intended to guide decision-making in internal business cases without creating direct monetary flows. It enables us to consistently factor externalities from GHG emissions into business cases, creating increased internal awareness and supporting capital expenditure (capex) investments aimed at reducing carbon emissions and improving energy efficiency.

The internal carbon price is currently not used in asset valuations in the Consolidated financial statements.

Although compensating residual emissions enables us to become GHG neutral, this is currently not considered a substitute for reducing our emissions. As part of our Climate Transition Plan, we have defined separate (gross) emission reduction targets that are pursued independently of any offsetting. We strive to assemble a costeffective offset portfolio from projects that

In 2024, our initial internal carbon price has been defined at 200 per tonne of CO2e, indexed with 4% per year by default. Weconsidered reference points such as carbon credits based on EU European Trading System (ETS) historical prices and forecasts, willingness-to-pay benchmarks based on a 30+ ICT industry peer group analysis, and cost-to-society benchmark studies in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report and in US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) guidance. Our internal carbon price will bereviewed structurally on an annual basis, and on an ad hoc basis when circumstances arise, to ensure it remains aligned with our ESG ambition level. Weare currently rolling out this mechanism and aim to use the internal carbon price for all investment decisions in the intended scope by 2025.

We define our emissions from own activities that qualify for compensation as of 2025 asour scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 categories 6 (business travel) and 7 (employee commuting) emissions. Weexpect that compensation as of 2030 forthe supply chain emissions (our scope 3 categories 1, 2 and 4) will take place in the upstream value chain, at the level and expense of our suppliers. For the remaining product use emissions (scope 3 category 11), we continue our collaboration with customers to explore the technical possibilities to eliminate residual emissions.

The intended scope of our internal carbon price will initially cover investment decisions in the emission categories we most directly control (our scope 1 and 2 emissions) and the use of our products (scope 3 category 11 emissions), after which we will look to expand the scope of our internal carbon price to external emission categories in collaboration with our value chain partners.

For more information on details behind each of the levers, read more in Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Climate Transition Plan

General disclosures Environmental Social Governance Energy efficiency and climate action: Climate Transition Plan

The base year for our Climate Transition Plan is 2019 selected as this was not impacted by COVID-19, commonly used in guidance and governmental targets, and it aligns with the base year for our SBTiapproved near-term targets (approved in 2021). The projected actions are all allocated to the relevant improvement levers (1. Reducing energy use, 2. Switching to renewable energy and 3. Compensating residual emissions).

We commit to updating our Climate Transition Plan on (at least) an annual basis to ensure assumptions and projections are reasonable in view of the latest information. We welcome stakeholder feedback to enable us to further increase the effectiveness of our actions and communication.

Introduction

Levers for action

Climate change is a global challenge that requires urgent action by everyone. We have been working hard to further strengthen and execute our climate strategy for many years, both internally in our operations and externally with partners in our entire value chain. We announced our climate ambitions in 2021 to strengthen collaboration with our suppliers and customers to mitigate our negative climate impacts. To reduce emissions from our own facilities, ASML is currently executing its third five-year energy savings master plan, and is increasing the use of renewable electricity. Together with our suppliers, we are working to jointly reduce the carbon footprint of our supply chain. In addition, we have an ongoing focus in our research and development (R&D) processes to increase the energy efficiency of our products.

We aim to achieve our emission targets by working on three improvement levers, as described in the 'How we're managing' section. Below we disclose the reduction potential of each of these levers for our scope 1, 2 and 3. The order below also indicates the hierarchy of our efforts to mitigate our climate change impacts.

3. Compensating residual emissions We aim to achieve our GHG neutrality targets first by reducing energy consumption and then by switching to renewable energy, so a minimized volume of residual emissions must be compensated. We plan to compensate residual emissions from our manufacturing and buildings, business travel and employee commuting as of 2025. Werequire our suppliers to deliver carbonneutral products (and therefore offset any residual emissions for products delivered to ASML) as of 2030. For our 2040 ambition, we assume our customers will move toward 100% renewable electricity.

1. Reducing energy use We expect the key actions related to this improvement lever to deliver roughly half of the scope 1 and 2 emission reduction needed to reach our reduction target of 90%.

Our Climate Transition Plan is embedded in our business strategy to deliver on our ESG sustainability ambitions. Responsibility for its execution lies with the business. The concrete actions executed in the past and toward the future as described in this plan are determined in collaboration between our ESG Sustainability team and the business through cross-functional meetings. Toensure sufficient resources are allocated in a timely manner throughout the business, the actions of our Climate Transition Plan are also embedded in our financial planning cycles with implementation strengthened by an internal carbon price as described in the previous section. The Board of Management has adopted the Climate Transition Plan, and it is discussed in the ESG Committee of the Supervisory Board.

For scope 3, we also expect the key actions of this improvement lever to contribute roughly half of the emission reductions in our Climate Transition Plan see our scope 1, 2 and 3 pathway visuals.

Our Climate Transition Plan is our strategic roadmap that underpins our ambition to align with the goals of the Paris Agreement which states that, to keep global warming below 1.5C, GHG emissions need to be reduced by 45% by 2030 and reach net zero by 2050. However, according to the latest climate science, the scenario to keep global warming below 1.5C is slowly getting out of reach. We feel the world, including us, needs to move faster so we aim to be GHG neutral across our value chain by 2040. Wecommit to taking ambitious action by driving our Climate Transition Plan in each of the emission categories.

2. Switching to renewable energy We expect the key actions related to this improvement lever to deliver roughly half of the scope 1 and 2 emission reduction needed to reach our reduction target of 90%.

For scope 3, we expect that this lever has a reduction potential of roughly half of our scope 3 emission reductions toward 2040, excluding the impact of external trends (global decarbonization). This lever therefore only includes the efforts across our value chain to adopt higher levels of renewable energy.

Energy efficiency and climate action: Climate Transition Plan (continued)

Levers for action

GHG neutral ambition In 2021, we presented our roadmap to GHG neutrality across the value chain by 2040. We defined GHG neutrality targets for each of the material sub-topics related to energy efficiency and climate action as depicted on the right. Definitions have been updated in line with the ESRS, and gross reduction targets will be presented in the following sections to explain how we aim to maximize our emission reduction activities to achieve our ambitions by 2040.

We acknowledge that our success in achieving our GHG neutrality targets depends significantly on actions by other parties; and need to work closely together with our customers, suppliers and other partners in our ecosystem. We have already intensified our collaboration across the industry value chain and will continue on this path to drive ambitious climate action in our industry.

The diagram on the right illustrates our journey to GHG neutrality across our value chain by 2040 for our most material emission categories.

In previous years, we have published 'net zero' ambitions toward 2025, 2030 and 2040 for our entire value chain. The CSRD and the accompanying ESRS have adopted the use of net zero terminology in line with the most recent SBTi guidance. To avoid confusion with the updated net zero terminology and because our decarbonization ambitions involve the use of carbon credits, we decided to use the terminology greenhouse gas neutral to describe our climate ambitions toward 2025, 2030 and 2040, as first announced in 2021.

In 2024, we continued our short-term SBTi targets, which we aim to reach by 2025. In2025, we aim to submit our near-term target toward 2030 to SBTi for continuation, and our long-term target toward 2040, which are expected to be validated by SBTi in the course of 2025.

Energy efficiency and climate action: Climate Transition Plan (continued)

Further gas reduction and green gas sourcing Improvement levers: Reduce and Renew In 2024, we started to assess further gas reduction possibilities and the 'green/ renewable gas' market for gaseous fuels that are produced from renewable sources and are more sustainable alternatives than conventional fossil-fuel-based natural gas. We will soon decide whether we want to include this option in our mid- to long-term purchase portfolio.

Scope 1 and 2 Manufacturing and buildings emissions

GHG neutral operations (scope 1 and 2) by 2025: To achieve GHG neutrality, we will use offsetting.

replacing chillers and optimizing the use of air-conditioning systems. We have also been working to increase the amount of renewable electricity purchased for our premises in multiple locations around the world, covering large industrial locations in Berlin and South Korea for the first time this year.

Science Based Target initiative (SBTi)

The Corporate Net-Zero Standard of theSBTi is the worlds pre-eminent framework for corporate net-zero targetsetting in line with climate science. It includes the guidance, criteria and recommendations companies need to setscience-based net-zero targets consistent with limiting global temperature rise to 1.5C.

Our ambitions and progress On the next page we visualize our projected pathway to reduce our scope 1 and 2 emissions toward 2040. For total scope 1 and 2 emissions, the 2019 baseline value is 60 kt CO2e. In 2024, we expanded our reporting boundaries for scope 1 and 2 emissions to include all premises owned and leased by ASML. We also incorporated emissions from our lease cars in our scope 1 and 2 calculation, leading to an increase in base year emissions.

Avoided and reduced emissions Avoided and reduced emissions are defined by comparing a scenario of growth at constant emission intensity since 2019 (dotted blue line), to a scenario that reflects the historic emissions trajectory and business-as-usual growth as of 2024 (dotted pink line).

Key actions for scope 1 and 2 In addition to past actions, the contribution of future key actions to reach our 2040 target is shown at the right-hand side in the visual.

According to SBTi, companies can set both absolute or emission intensity targets. In absolute terms, the aim for these targets is to roughly halve emissions before 2030, while in the longer term companies must cut all possible emissions usually more than 90% before 2050. For long-term emission intensity targets, the required minimum intensity reduction is 97%. We have defined intensity as CO2e emissions per unit of gross profit.

For the scenario of growth at constant emission intensity (ktCO2e/m gross profit) we used the 2030 moderate sales opportunity and mid-point to mid-point gross margin guidance from the 2024 Investor Day, and for the purpose of the Climate Transition Plan only, we modeled further growth from 2030 toward 2040.

Our energy savings master plans 20202025 and 20262030 Improvement lever: Reduce This includes, among other actions, the reduction of natural gas consumption by energy efficiency measures and electrification for our main industrial locations in the US, and increasing solar capacity on our own buildings/premises.

To help to ensure we are consistent with our transition pathway which is in line with the objective of the Paris Agreement we have determined the following ambitions:

Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 25.2% by 2025 from a 2019 base year: This ambition is validated and approved by the SBTi in 2021, under the near-term category. In 2024, with emissions of 33 kt CO2e, we have already reduced absolute scope 1 and 2 emissions from 2019 by 46%, exceeding the SBTi target.

For the business-as-usual growth scenario, we do not anticipate growth in absolute emissions, as we aim to develop gas-free new buildings if and when our potential growth requires so.

Renewable electricity sourcing Improvement lever: Renew We are driving a shift to renewable energy by increasing the share of direct green electricity purchases from renewable electricity generated close to our premises. In the Netherlands, we have a 10-year purchase agreement for green electricity for our installations toward 2030. In 2023, we secured a long-term power purchase agreement (PPA) in Taiwan, which became operational in 2024. Additionally, we secured a yearly contract in South Korea in 2024, and a two-year contract in Germany that extends through the end of 2025.

Taking into account the 2024 worldwide scope of our manufacturing and buildings emissions, we have been able to reduce our scope 1 and 2 emissions from 60 kt to 33 kt between 2019 and 2024 by deploying our energy savings master plan of 20202025 achieving energy savings by, for example, reusing waste heat from our factories for office conditioning through our energy grids, installing solar panels,

Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 75% by 2030 from a 2019 base year: We aim for CO2e emissions below 15 kt by 2030.

Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 90.0% by 2040 from a 2019 base year: We aim to lower our emissions to below 6 kt CO2e by 2040.

Energy efficiency and climate action: Climate Transition Plan (continued)

1. Historic values shown in the visual reflect the current reporting scope and calculation methodology and may deviate from reported values in previous Annual Reports, as those were based on the reporting scopes and calculation methodologies usedin the respective years. 2. In addition to our SBTi validated targetfrom 2021, the Supervisory Board has applied an LTI performance measure on scope 1 and 2 emissions for the 2023-2025 period. Read more inthe Board of Management remuneration section. 3. In 2025, we aim to submit our near-term and long-term targets toward 2030 and 2040to SBTi for continuation. 4. The description of avoided and reduced emissions, included on the next page, is on ASMLs company level, which differs from the guidance by the GHG Protocol on estimating and reporting avoided emissions, which is on product level.

Energy efficiency and climate action: Climate Transition Plan (continued)

Avoided and reduced emissions Avoided and reduced emissions are defined by comparing a scenario of growth at constant emission intensity since 2019 (dotted blue line), to a scenario that reflects the historic emissions trajectory and business-as-usual growth as of 2024 (dotted pink line). The difference between these two lines visualizes the combined impact of efficient scaling (avoided emissions) and past actions (reduced emissions).

Global decarbonization Global decarbonization reflects the assumed emission reductions from the external trend of electricity grids gradually shifting to more renewables, and as a result decreasing the emission factors of average grid electricity. This is considered an exogenous effect and is therefore not considered part of our emission reductions. Global decarbonization is modeled based on current global emission factors and the foreseen global emission factors toward 2030 and 2040 as per the International Energy Agency (IEA) database.

Innovation gap The innovation gap shows the additional emission reductions needed, after the current key actions, in order to reach the 2040 target. We aim to close the innovation gap in collaboration with our supply chain partners and customers based on additional actions to be taken and agreed upon in the (near) future.

Scope 3 emissions Scope 3 emissions include both upstream and downstream activities, and mainly comprise emissions generated in our supply chain, through business travel and commuting, and through use of our products at our customers sites. We measure progress in reducing our scope 3 emissions by emission intensity that is, total scope 3 emissions (tonnes CO2e) against total gross profit ( millions) and absolute reduction.

Reduce scope 3 GHG emissions 55.0% per m gross profit by 2030 from a 2019 base year: We aim for CO2e emissions below 19.5 Mt by 2030.

Reduce scope 3 GHG emissions 97.0% per m gross profit by 2040 from a 2019 base year: We aim for CO2e emissions below 2.3 Mt by 2040.

In 2024, in absolute terms, scope 3 emissions accounted for 12.0 Mt or 99.7% of our total emissions footprint. Ofthis 12.0 Mt, 5.5 Mt were upstream emissions mainly related to the goods and services we buy and ship and including 0.1 Mt from business travel and commuting. 6.6 Mt were indirect downstream emissions from the use of sold products at our customers sites. We expect emissions to continue rising in the short term due to our continued growth and more complex products. To ensure we meet our ambition, we need to work together with our value chain partners to stabilize and then decrease emissions for example, by increasing the capacity of renewable electricity in some regions of the world.

For the scenario of growth at constant emission intensity (ktCO2e/m gross profit) we used the 2030 moderate sales opportunity and mid-point to mid-point gross margin guidance from the 2024 Investor Day, and for the purpose of the Climate Transition Plan only, we modeled further growth from 2030 toward 2040.

Our ambitions and progress We illustrate our projected pathway to reduce our scope 3 emissions toward 2040. The baseline value in 2019 is 7.6 Mt CO2e.

Key actions for scope 3 The contributions of our key actions toward our targets are visualized on the next page. Detailed explanations can be found in the sections Key actions for scope 3 supply chain and logistics emissions and Key actions for scope 3 product use emissions starting on the page after the next visual.

To ensure we are consistent with our transition pathway which is in line with the objective of the Paris Agreement we have determined the following ambitions for our total scope 3 emissions:

For the business-as-usual growth scenario, we modeled the projected 2040 scope 3 emissions based on progress made so far with our reduction efforts (2024 emissions) and expected scaling of different parameters that drive emission growth, such as the number of systems sold and employee headcount.

Reduce scope 3 GHG emissions 35.3% per m gross profit by 2025 from a 2019 base year: This ambition is validated and approved by the SBTi under the nearterm category and represents an intensity reduction of 1.44 kt per million gross profit. Our scope 3 emissions intensity for 2024 was 0.83 kt CO2e per million gross profit. We aim for CO2e emissions below 15.7 Mt by 2025. We are still on track to achieve our SBTi target of 0.93 kt CO2e per million expected gross profit in 2025.

Energy efficiency and climate action: Climate Transition Plan (continued)

1. Historic values shown in the visual reflect the current reporting scope and calculation methodology and may deviate from reported values in previous Annual Reports, as those were based on the reporting scopes and calculation methodologies usedin the respective years. 2. In 2025, we aim to submit our near-term and long-term targets toward 2030 and 2040to SBTi for continuation. 3. The description of avoided and reduced emissions, included on the next page, is on ASMLs company level, which differs from the guidance by the GHG Protocol on estimating and reporting avoided emissions, which is on product level. 4. Historic emissions for business travel and employee commuting are too small to be included in the visual. 5. The absolute amount of residual emissions shown in the visual is equivalent to the -97% intensity target based on current Climate Transition Plan modelling assumptions but is not a company target by itself.

Energy efficiency and climate action: Climate Transition Plan (continued)

Key actions for scope 3 supply chain andlogistics emissions

Key actions for scope 3 product use emissions

Scope 3 Business travel and commuting emissions

Scope 3 Supply chain (purchased goods & services) and logistics emissions

Scope 3 Product use emissions

Energy reduction roadmaps 2030 (EUV, DUV, metrology and inspection) Improvement lever: Reduce The largest portion of our (indirect) GHG emissions arises during use of our systems at customers factories. In order to reduce those emissions, we develop system roadmaps that aim to improve the energy efficiency of all our main product lines (EUV, DUV, metrology and inspection systems, and computational lithography). These roadmaps have been developed toward 2030 (with draft numbers until 2040) and are updated on a regular basis to ensure adoption of the latest technologies in future products.

Our progress and ambitions The baseline for scope 3 product use emissions is 4,374 kt in 2019. Emissions related to the use of our products have also seen an increase between 2019 and 2024 due to growing sales volumes. In 2024, our product use emissions were 6,569 kt. However, we do see decreasing energy use per wafer pass. We measure the energy efficiency of our systems on total energy consumption per system and per wafer pass.

Supplier commitments to reduce emissions by 2030 Improvement levers: Reduce and Renew One of our main actions is closer collaboration with our suppliers, as part ofour Strategic Sourcing & Procurement (SS&P) ESG sustainability program. Weactively engage and collaborate with oursupply chain partners to adopt more sustainable sourcing practices and ask them to commit to reducing or offsetting their scopes 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 2030.

Our progress and ambitions For scope 3 business travel and commuting, we take 97 kt and 42 kt as the respective 2019 baselines.

Our progress and ambitions The 2019 baselines for scope 3 supply chain and logistics emissions are respectively 2,841 kt and 213 kt, adding up to a total of 3,054 kt.

We have seen a significant drop between 2020 and 2022 due to the COVID-19 travel restrictions and an increase since. However, in 2024 our business travel emissions are 65 kt and our commuting emissions are 36 kt. Total business travel and commuting emissions for 2024 add up to 101 kt. Compared with the baseline, the decrease is mainly related to the travel budget restrictions offset with an increase of employees commuting to work.

Within the supply chain, our related emissions have increased compared to the 2019 baseline, primarily caused by our growth and accompanying spend. As we have calculated our emissions based on spend, this is a logical trend. We have been working on improving data quality through closer collaboration with our suppliers, as an enabling step to reduce our supply chain emissions in the near future. In 2024, our supply chain emissions were 5,032 kt and our logistics emissions were 322 kt, adding up to a total of 5,354 kt.

As part of our program, we also encourage our suppliers to develop roadmaps to use more renewable energy where possible. Thisis reflected in some of the industry partnerships we participate in, such as our partnership with SEMI through which we advocate within the industry to reduce emissions and increase the availability of renewable energy in regions with limited capacity.

We have worked on energy efficiency roadmaps for our different product categories extreme ultraviolet lithography (EUV), DUV, and metrology and inspection systems to ensure less energy is required to produce a chip, providing the opportunity for our customers to reduce their scope 2 emissions. However, the biggest impact is achieved by customers purchasing green electricity for their manufacturing locations, which we are further stimulating through active participation in the Semiconductor Climate Consortium (SCC).

Concrete examples include the introduction of sleep modes for our lithography systems to reduce power consumption when not in use, actions to improve the energy efficiency of the EUV source, and actions to make our future EUV systems compatible with highertemperature cooling water.

We have determined the following ambition for our business travel and commuting emissions:

For our supply chain and logistics emissions, we have determined the following ambition:

Become GHG neutral for scope 3 emissions from business travel and commuting by 2025

From air to ocean freight in logistics operations Improvement lever: Reduce We have developed a program to increase return shipments (of empty containers) by sea, as opposed to the current common practice of returning shipments by air. In2024, we transported our first new deep ultraviolet lithography (DUV) and YieldStar systems to a customer via ocean freight and aim to use this method for more outbound shipments in the future.

Become GHG neutral for scope 3 emissions from supply chain and logistics by 2030

Semiconductor Climate Consortium (SCC) Improvement lever: Renew The largest portion of emission reductions during the use phase of our systems at customer sites can be achieved if customers switch to renewable electricity sources. Therefore, we actively promote industrywide collaboration to reduce GHG emissions across our value chain through both direct engagement with customers and industry collaborations such as the SCC. Being one of the founding members of the SCC, we work together with our value chain partners to commit to becoming more transparent by

Read more about the actions related to these scope 3 categories in Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Business travel and Employee commuting

For our product use emissions we have determined the following ambition:

Become GHG neutral for scope 3 emissions from product use by 2040

Energy efficiency and climate action: Climate Transition Plan (continued)

reporting progress on scopes 1, 2 and 3 emissions annually, setting near- and longterm decarbonization targets with the aim of reaching GHG neutrality by 2040, and improving collaboration to align on sharing best practices, technology innovations and communication channels to continuously reduce GHG emissions.

Our products, including critical components such as the EUV light source and the wafer and reticle stages, consume significant amounts of energy. We are developing energy efficiency roadmaps aimed at minimizing this energy consumption as much as possible. However, whether the remaining energy use results in locked-in emissions largely depends on the availability of affordable low-carbon energy to achieve our ambitions toward 2040. As an active founding member of the SCC, we collaborate with industry partners and governments to promote the availability and access to renewable electricity in the regions where our customers operate.

We will explore opportunities in these areas. As an example, we are working on more sustainable design principles for our systems, products and processes to maximize reusability and recyclability of these materials, such as opting for monomaterial components. We also collaborate with suppliers to look into using materials that can be upgraded, refurbished or repaired, and thus reused.

clear view on the potential emission increases or reductions.

Due to the nature and complexity of lithography systems, we are currently unable, and expect in the near future to be unable, to meet all the technical screening criteria from the EU Taxonomy, as explained in our Circular Economy section. We do support the transition to a sustainable economy by means of our key actions and related investments made as part of our circular strategy and for our climate action pathway to reach GHG neutrality by 2040.

Climate Transition Plan investments In order to achieve our ESG sustainability and climate action ambitions toward 2030 and 2040, we need to make significant investments. These include:

Dependencies, challenges and locked-in emissions To achieve our ambitions, we are dependent on the actions taken by our customers (uptake of renewable energy) and suppliers (for example compensating residual emissions from products to ASML). The complexity of our supply chain with a long tail existing of many different tiers is adding additional challenges. We are also dependent on the accessibility of affordable low-carbon energy, which is not available in all regions where we and our suppliers and customers operate. Lastly, we are aware that the availability of carbon credits might be impacted by an increasing market demand toward 2030 and 2040.

When no longer usable, we look into materials to be recycled, and aim to use more recycled content in raw materials. Lastly, we are also looking into sourcing certified materials to ensure these type of materials adhere to internationally recognized sustainability standards.

Read more in Sustainability statements Environmental EU Taxonomy

EU-Paris-aligned benchmarks Paris-aligned benchmarks are indices where the total GHG emission levels of all underlying assets are aligned with the Paris Agreement, which aims to limit the rise in global temperatures to well below 2C above pre-industrial levels, and to pursue efforts to keep the rise to 1.5C. Companies can be excluded from these benchmarks if they significantly harm one or more of the environmental objectives of the EU. ASML is not excluded from EU Paris-aligned benchmarks.

We also foresee a challenge in our supply chain regarding hard-to-abate emissions, for example in purchasing low-carbon raw materials such as steel and aluminum. Both these materials are used in our products and account for most of the weight of our machines. Currently there are no viable lowcarbon alternatives and the production industries for both these materials are not aligned with the Net Zero Emissions by 2050 (NZE) Scenario provided by the International Energy Agency (IEA).

Operating expenditure (e.g. investment in innovation, research and development to further improve the energy efficiency of our product portfolio)

Potential impact of changes in our product portfolio To determine the emission-reduction trajectory for our Climate Transition Plan, we use an internal modeling tool enabling us to calculate different pathways. The development over time of our sales product mix (EUV and DUV lithography systems, metrology and inspection systems, computational lithography solutions, and system and process control software) is modeled in line with our public guidance, as disclosed during our most recent Investor Day which indicates that toward 2030, we expect a gradual shift to larger percentages of EUV systems sold. We have not included any scenarios in which the future developments of new and existing product families have been modeled, as we do not yet have a sufficiently

The investments in our key environmental sustainability actions resulting from our Climate Transition Plan are described in the topic-specific sections following. Where applicable, the link to our EU Taxonomy assessment is described. The alignment assessment of our eligible investments is included in our EU Taxonomy disclosure. There we also assess if our key economic activity (CE 1.2 Manufacture of electrical and electronic equipment) is, according to the Environmental Delegated Act, substantially contributing to the transition to a circular economy.

We also have to consider potential locked-in GHG emissions which are emissions caused by our assets and products sold within their operational lifetime. We still use gas boilers at multiple locations, and it may take years to replace these with low-carbon alternatives.

General disclosures Environmental Social Governance Energy efficiency and climate action: Manufacturing and buildings

Our scope

Targets and performance

In scope are our scope 1 and 2 emissions from manufacturing and buildings, which include our manufacturing locations and both owned and leased office locations worldwide. From 2024 onward, we report on all buildings (160+ in total). The baseline values are updated accordingly. In our base year (2019), our reporting scope was 20 buildings, which at the time accounted for more than 95% of our emissions.

Performance indicator Unit 2024 Target Target date Status Scope 1 Direct emissions from fossil fuels in our operations (kt)

kt 23.5 GHG neutral 2025 On track

Scope 2 Indirect emissions from energy consumption (kt) (market-based)

kt 9.3 GHG neutral 2025 On track

Impacts:

Energy use and GHG emissions from manufacturing and buildings (scope 1 and 2) Impact on grid and energy availability through our manufacturing and buildings (scope 1 and 2)

Renewable electricity (in % total electricity purchased scope 2)

Become GHG neutral for scope 1 and 2 emissions from our manufacturing and buildings by 2025 We have been able to reduce our scope 1 and 2 emissions from 60 kt to 33 kt between 2019 and 2024 by deploying our energy savings master plan of 20202025 and purchasing more renewable electricity.

Purchase 100% renewable electricity for our own operations worldwide by 2025 At the end of 2024 the share of renewable electricity was 96%, against our target of 100%. This level was achieved by securing a long-term power purchase agreement (PPA) in Taiwan in 2023, which became operational in 2024, and similar agreements in Germany and South Korea which were secured in 2024. We purchased more renewable electricity in 2024, because in 2024 we aimed to stay below the 2023 emission level, while we report on all buildings from 2024 onward. This is the equivalent of the emission reduction in Asia (~17 kt), the US (~3 kt) and Europe (~29 kt).

Scope 1 emissions comprise direct CO2 emissions from the use of natural gas and process CO2 in our operations, and the usage of lease cars. The larger part of our natural gas consumption is for heating and humidification of our buildings.

Risks and opportunities:

Read more about climate-related risks and opportunities in Strategic report Performance and risk Risk and Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Climate resilience analysis

Scope 2 emissions arise from our purchased electricity, which accounts for approximately 80% of our energy use. Most of our electricity consumption relates to the manufacturing of chipmaking equipment assembly and testing of lithography, metrology and inspection systems and maintaining consistent climate conditions such as temperature, humidity and air quality.

Our GHG emission reduction targets and progress on scope 1 and 2 are discussed in detail in our Climate Transition Plan. The residual emissions will be compensated as of 2025 to reach our target. Our projected pathway to GHG neutrality is visualized on the next page.

Read more about our scope 1 and 2 calculation methodology in Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Additional disclosures Methodology on metrics

Energy efficiency and climate action: Manufacturing and buildings (continued)

Reducing our use of natural gas is also a key objective. We have a multiyear project to implement an energy grid to reuse waste heat from our factories and offices at our site in Veldhoven a two-pipe loop that makes waste heat available for heating in winter and energy-efficient cooling in summer and are also applying adiabatic humidification.

Our actions and resources

Key energy-saving projects in 2024

Our efforts within our own manufacturing locations and other buildings focus on reducing our consumption of energy, using renewable electricity and as of 2025 compensating for residual CO2e emissions.

Installation of solar panels in San Diego (US) leading to 6 TJ per year savings in 2024

Progressing with our master plan to reduce energy consumption We have a five-year energy savings master plan covering each of our five largest industrial sites and comprising over 80 projects. It aims to reduce energy consumption through direct annual savings of at least 100 TJ by 2025 through projects executed in the period from 2021 to 2025. This is the equivalent of 14 kt CO2e using location-based emission factors.

Energy efficiency and LED lighting projects in Berlin resulting in approximately 6 TJ energy savings per year

The main components of the master plan are improving the efficiency of the technical installations used for our operations, and optimizing our portfolio by building new offices that meet the latest green building standards, such as BREEAM (Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method) in Europe, LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) in the US and Asia, and LEED/GSEED (Green Standard for Energy and Environmental Design) in South Korea.

Cooling water pump replacement and process cooling water optimization in Taiwan resulted in 2 TJ energy savings per year

Energy efficiency and climate action: Manufacturing and buildings (continued)

Using renewable energy We are driving a shift to renewable energy by increasing the share of direct green electricity purchases so-called bundled renewable electricity sourced close to our premises. In the Netherlands, we are in the fourth year of a 10-year purchase agreement for green electricity for our installations, and we are increasing the share of our own renewable electricity generation through increasing our number of solar panels.

In 2025, to further execute on our 2021-2025 energy savings master plan, we expect to invest approximately 63 million on matters including the renovation of buildings, solar panels and multiple smaller infrastructural improvements at our sites.

In 2022, we established a Green Bond Framework as an overarching platform under which the company intends to issue green bonds to finance and/or refinance green projects with a positive environmental benefit. This Green Bond Framework is based on the 2021 version of the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) Green Bond Principles. The Green Bond Allocation and Impact Reports are available via our website. In 2022, the standards for reporting under the EU Taxonomy Regulation differed from the Green Bond Principles standards of the ICMA, which leads to different results on these different standards. After 2022, we have not issued Green Bonds.

Looking ahead

In 2025, we will continue to purchase renewable energy and we will start purchasing and retiring carbon credits to reach our GHG neutrality target. The execution of energy-saving projects is on track and we already met our 100 TJ target in 2024. We will exceed the target by the end of 2025 due to the projects to be operationalized in 2025, including our energy-saving projects in Berlin and the operationalization of our energy grid.

Read more in Sustainability statements Environmental EU Taxonomy

With respect to the financial resources for our goal to maximize our share of renewable electricity toward 100% in 2025, we acknowledge the external trend of global decarbonization by integrating renewables into the grids by operators. We also have long-term PPAs in place that commenced before this reporting period. Therefore, we do not assess the incremental part of our investments in renewable electricity contracts that directly contribute to our target. We do report the share and types of energy attribute certificates (EACs) to report our market-based scope 2 emissions in the metrics table on page 218. The total operational expenditure (opex) for these EACs amounts to 4.8million for 2024 and is included within the Consolidated financial statements under Selling, general and administrative costs. To reach our 2025 target, we expect to purchase EACs for 7.3million in 2025.

Our solar panel and energy grid investments directly contribute to our target of 100 TJ savings by 2025. The capital expenditure (capex) is assessed under EU Taxonomy activities CCM 4.1 Electricity generation using solar photovoltaic technology and CCM 4.9 Transmission & distribution of electricity.

In Taiwan, we have signed a five-year power purchase agreement (PPA) with the aim of providing our operations there with about 65% renewable electricity in 2024. Since we do not use gas in Taiwan, our ambition is to reach 100% renewable energy here by the end of 2025. In South Korea, although the renewable electricity market is limited, we purchased about 69% renewable electricity in 2024, with the remainder planned for 2025, depending on the availability of renewable electricity on the local market.

In the coming years, we also plan to expand the use of solar panels at our sites in EMEA, the US and Asia and we aim to have more than 9,000 solar panels on our roofs by 2025. Due to shifts in the roadmap this is less than our initial ambition of placing 20,000 solar panels by the year end of 2025, yet the projects we have in our portfolio for the period 20262030 should realize our initial ambition. This would give us a total energy saving of around 30 TJ per year and a total CO2e emission reduction of around 5 kt per year equivalent to the energy use of (on average) 3,900 households per year, taking 2,100 cars off the road or planting around 250,000 new trees (around six for every ASML employee).

For the renovation of buildings, we have included the total investments. The incremental part of the investments directly contributing to the achievement of 100 TJ savings by 2025 cannot be derived from our total renovation expenditure. We have renovated multiple buildings over the past year: the capex corresponding to these renovations is considered eligible under EU Taxonomy activity CCM 7.2 Renovation of existing buildings. We classified the activity under climate change mitigation, because the focus of the renovation is on improving energy efficiency rather than circularity.

Resources The 2024 total investments for our five-year energy savings master plan amounted to 126million, of which the projects for the energy grid in Veldhoven, the renovation of office buildings in Veldhoven and the solar panels for our San Diego location are the most significant.

General disclosures Environmental Social Governance Energy efficiency and climate action: Purchased goods and services

Our scope

Targets and performance

For purchased goods and services, all upstream (in other words, cradle-to-gate) emissions from the production of products purchased or acquired by ASML are in scope. Products include both goods (tangible products such as capital goods, materials, parts and modules) and services (intangible products such as maintenance contracts). Purchased goods and services include scope 3, categories 1 and 2.

Performance indicator Unit 2024 Target Target date Status Commitment from our top 80% suppliers to reduce their CO2e footprint by 2030

kt 5,032 GHG neutral 2030 Work to be done n

Scope 3 emissions related to purchased goods and services (including capital goods)

We have two targets for our scope 3 emissions related to purchased goods and services:

Become GHG neutral for scope 3 emissions related to purchased goods and services (including capital goods) by 2030 The base year is 2019, with scope 3 emissions related to purchased goods and services (including capital goods) of 2,841 kt. In 2024, total emissions due to purchased goods and services and capital goods were 5,032 kt CO2e. This increase from the baseline is due to growth of our business, which requires more purchases of goods and services.

Purchased goods and services and capital goods (scope 3 categories 1 and 2) contribute to 92% of upstream emissions. Most of the remaining upstream emissions are from outbound logistics (scope 3 category 4).

Read more about our scope 3 calculation methodology in Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Additional disclosures Methodology on metrics

Get commitment from our top 80% suppliers to reduce their CO2e footprint toward GHG neutrality by 2030 By year end 2024, 9% of our top suppliers in scope had committed to reducing their CO2e footprint toward GHG neutrality by 2030. In 2024 we aimed to have a commitment of 20% to enable us to be on track to make our 2026 target. However, our performance in 2024 was below this goal because it was a learning year during which gaining insights into how our suppliers calculate their emissions, as well as getting their commitment, took longer than expected. In2025, we aim to be back on track to meet our 2026 target of 75% commitment from our top 80% suppliers (based on CO2e emissions) to reduce theirCO2e footprint toward GHG neutrality.

Read more in Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Logistics

Impacts:

We expect future compensation for the supply chain emissions (remaining scope 3 categories 1, 2 and 4 emissions after reduction) to take place in the upstream value chain, at the level and expense of our suppliers. We track our performance through progress performance meetings with senior leadership and cross-functional table meetings in which progress toward our targets is reported.

Energy use and GHG emissions from purchased goods, services and logistics emissions (scope 3)

Read more in Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Logistics

Risks and opportunities:

Read more about climate-related risks and opportunities in Strategic report Performance and risk Risk and Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Climate resilience analysis

Energy efficiency and climate action: Purchased goods and services (continued)

Re-affirming supplier commitments to ESG We asked suppliers to sign our letter of commitment (LOC) to commit and collaborate with us to achieve our ESG ambitions. By signing the LOC, suppliers agree to comply with a number of measures: to continue adhering to the latest version of the RBA Code of Conduct; to measure and share their CO2e emission data with ecosystem partners; to set ambitious targets to reduce or compensate CO2e emissions; and to collaborate with ASML and ecosystem partners to remanufacture used system parts, tools, packaging and other materials to maximize reuse. For the expected emission reduction of this action, we refer to our Climate Transition Plan.

Tackling energy efficiency and emissions industry-wide We increasingly cooperate cross-industry toreduce emissions across our value chain. Inpractice this means working with our supplier base and sharing our Supplier Handbook, and working with customers and peers, both directly and in cross-industry collaboration platforms such as the SCC toaddress energy efficiency and climate change issues within the industry, increase transparency and collaboration, and increase global access to renewable electricity.

Following on from our first CO2e footprint estimate pilot in 2024, planning to build internal capabilities to perform life cycle assessments (LCAs) on our products, which will help us better understand which materials cause higher emissions in our supply chain in turn helping us discover more collaboration and reduction opportunities.

Our actions and resources

Looking ahead

We rely on strong partnerships with our suppliers and other upstream value chain partners to jointly reduce our carbon footprint and achieve our goal of GHG neutrality in our supply chain by 2030. We seek to engage with value chain partners who share our values and are dedicated to maintaining environmental standards.

In the coming years, we will focus on the following activities to reduce emissions in our supply chain:

Actively engaging with the top 80% of our suppliers and asking them to commit to reducing their carbon footprint by 2030, by improving energy efficiency in their production processes, using renewable energy and (as a last resort) offsetting

As long as we rely on spend-based emissions data, our calculated CO2e emissions will increase/decrease in line with our spend. We are collaborating with our suppliers to improve data quality based on actual input from suppliers, to improve their carbon footprint and switch to renewable energy.

Engaging and collaborating with our suppliers Our SS&P ESG sustainability program is a key enabler in our efforts to reduce scope 3 emissions by actively engaging and collaborating with suppliers.

Collaborating with suppliers to improve their data quality on their CO2e emissions with the ambition to collect emission data from our top 100 suppliers

Read more about the SCC in Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Product use

Introducing sustainability performance assessment as part of decision-making for new product introductions

In 2024, our top 80% suppliers participated in (executive) review meetings and some of them signed the LOC, committing to reduce or offset part of their scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 2030. This would currently lead to a 9% reduction of our purchased goods & services emissions by 2030. We engaged all other suppliers through our bi-monthly online one-to-many forums, where on average 250 supplier representatives participate.

Upskilling our supplier account teams in carbon literacy In 2024, we held knowledge sessions informing and training our internal teams on GHG, the difference between scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, what we request from our suppliers and how they can help and created a training program for the Supplier Audit team. We also included the GHG capability maturity assessment questions in our supplier performance management system, enabling our Supplier Audit team to audit suppliers on their capability and maturity.

The number of FTEs working for the SS&P ESG sustainability program increased from two to five in 2024. We expect this number to stay stable in 2025. The total estimated cost of 0.5million relating to FTEs is included within the Consolidated financial statements under Selling, general and administrative costs.

Further expanding our training curriculum to both our internal teams and suppliers to help better understand and calculate scope 3 emissions

First step toward integrating carbon footprint in our product generation process To support the optimization of the design of our products, we analyzed the results of our first CO2e footprint estimate for one system in 2024. We are currently working on converting our new carbon insights into actionable items.

General disclosures Environmental Social Governance Energy efficiency and climate action: Logistics

Our scope

Targets and performance

For logistics, in scope are scope 3 GHG emissions related to transportation and distribution services purchased by ASML, including inbound logistics (such as transportation of materials, parts and modules from suppliers to our facilities), outbound logistics (such as transportation of products to customers), and logistics between our own facilities.

Performance indicator Unit 2024 Target Target date Status Scope 3 emissions related to upstream transportation and distribution

kt 322 GHG neutrality 2030 Work to be done n

We have one target for our scope 3 emissions related to logistics:

As outlined in the Purchased goods and services section, our SS&P ESG sustainability program supports our efforts to reduce scope 3 emissions by actively engaging and collaborating with suppliers. Thanks to this engagement, we have identified a number of logistics-related initiatives that will reduce our GHG emissions. In addition, specifically for logistics, we can also achieve significant emission reductions by rethinking preferred modes of transportation. We track our performance through progress performance meetings with senior leadership and crossfunctional table meetings in which progress is reported toward our targets.

Our actions and resources

Impacts:

We are collaborating with our logistics suppliers to improve data quality. Inaddition, we are investigating options to move toward more sustainable modes of transportation for example, from air to ocean freight and to buy sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) where ocean freight isnotpossible.

Energy use and GHG emissions from purchased goods, services and logistics emissions (scope 3)

Become GHG neutral for scope 3 emissions related to logistics by 2030

Read more in Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Purchased goods and services

Outbound logistics services purchased are categorized as upstream because they are a purchased service. Included are GHG emissions related to freight such as those from air freight, ocean freight and road transport as well as the emissions caused by the use of our warehouses. Logistics covers scope 3 category 4.

The base year is 2019, with scope 3 emissions related to upstream transportation and distribution of 213 kt CO2e. In 2024 we began enhancing and substantiating the emissions data we receive from our logistics service providers per modality and product. This allows us to break down emissions and work together with the business on initiatives to reduce their impact.

Risks and opportunities:

Read more about climate-related risks and opportunities in Strategic report Performance and risk Risk and Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Climate resilience analysis

Read more on our scope 3 calculation methodology in Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Additional disclosures Methodology on metrics

Our scope 3 emissions with regard to logistics in 2024 were 322 kt, with 306 kt coming from air transportation. This increase from the baseline is due to growth of our business, which requires more transportation and distribution.

Energy efficiency and climate action: Logistics (continued)

Aiming for more sustainable and costeffective transportation modes Our long-term transport vision is to move to ocean freight where possible and feasible, reducing our GHG emissions significantly. Switching our transportation flows from air to ocean has the potential to achieve a 70 85% cost reduction opportunity and a 95% CO2e reduction per kilogram shipped. Our customers acknowledge the importance of more sustainable transportation, but also express their concerns regarding increased transit times and risk of cargo damage. Through pilot projects, we are working with our freight teams and customers to drive this transition.

To support the move to more sustainable transport and shipping modes, we have also made an initial pilot investment in SAF in advance of future EU regulations ('ReFuelEU') which will require all airlines to use them. This pilot will reduce our CO2e emissions by 4.5 kt 1.4% of our total freight emissions for 2024.

Resources To make it possible to move from air to ocean freight for modules and systems, we developed a special container to safely transport modules overseas. Furthermore, because of the increasing lead time due to ocean returns of containers, we agreed with our forwarders to increase the number of our leased ocean containers by three, leading to higher yearly capital expenditure of 0.3million to keep up the transportation pace. 14 FTEs are dedicated to working on the air-to-ocean project. In addition to the ASML reefer containers, we have budgeted 10 million of investments in a pool of transport tools to support ocean-to-air projects. This leads to an increased capex of approximately 13 million in 2025. The total estimated cost of 2.0million relating to FTEs is included within the Consolidated financial statements under Personnel expenses.

Looking ahead

We are taking the first steps toward our target of achieving GHG neutral scope 3 emissions for logistics by 2030.

Toward 2025, we expect a reduction of CO2e emissions due to improved, more accurate emissions data from our logistics partners as well as the reduction actions we take in collaboration with them.

We report and monitor our logistics-related emissions via our CO2e dashboard and discuss them quarterly in our ESG crossfunctional table meeting. We will engage with both suppliers and customers on options to change transportation modes where possible from flight to ocean freight, and will engage with our logistics partners to buy more SAF for any transportation and distribution still done by airplane.

To further reduce the emissions from logistics operations, in the coming years we will be focusing on:

We emphasize that the investments made for more sustainable transportation modes are also driven by (future) cost-effectiveness. In 2025, we expect to invest 2.7 million in new containers and expect the SAF spend to increase in line with our business growth.

Investigating the possibility of changing transportation modes from flight to ocean freight, including designing containers to ensure safe transportation

With our cross-company, cooperative approach to multiple ocean freight initiatives, we realized several successes in 2024. InDUV, reticle-stage packaging returned toWilton saved us about 11 kt CO2e. Tools and packaging used for system shipments returned to Veldhoven resulted in approximately 50 kt CO2e savings. With regard to our metrology and inspection systems, in 2024 we saved 0.15 kt for packaging returned to Linkou from customers in Asia. We shipped a YieldStar 100 system in a temperature-controlled reefer container from Taiwan to Veldhoven, repurposed for the ASML Experience Center. In 2024, we also transported our first new DUV and YieldStar systems to a customer by ship. Finally, we kicked off our air-to-ocean transport initiatives with freight cost reduction targets in the business in 2025.

We have not assessed our SAF expenditure under EU Taxonomy activity 6.19 Passenger and freight air transport, because we do not operate the air freight ourselves.

Purchasing SAF to reduce emissions from air transportation and distribution

Investigating the possibilities to reduce the emissions of the warehouses we use worldwide and the trucks used for the last mile

Read more in Sustainability statements Environmental EU Taxonomy

In 2025, to reach our ocean freight goals, we expect our forwarders to increase the number of our leased ocean containers to 30. We expect the number of FTEs to stay stable.

We also expect to capitalize on the initiatives that have already begun, although, as these projects signal major change, we do not expect the required scope 3 emissions reduction will be realized immediately. Time will be required for preparation and adoption. To reach our GHG neutrality target by 2030, we are amongst others dependent on compensation of the residual emissions by our logistics partners.

General disclosures Environmental Social Governance Energy efficiency and climate action: Business travel

Resources From all our initiatives in this key action, wecan only directly relate our financial investments in SAF to the achievements toward our GHG emission-reduction targets for business travel.

Our scope

Targets and performance

In scope are scope 3 emissions from transportation of our employees and the 'N1-conversion' category of non-employees for business-related activities in vehicles owned or operated by third parties, such as aircraft, trains, buses and passenger (rental) cars. Hotel stays are also included.

Performance indicator Unit 2024 Target Target date Status Scope 3 emissions related to business travel

kt 65 GHG neutrality 2025 Work to be done n

On a global scale, we:

We have one target for our scope 3 emissions related to business travel:

With emissions of 1.48 t per FTE in 2024, we met our commitment of reducing 50% compared to our base year value of 3.88 t per FTE in 2019. We aim to keep the emissions per FTE below current levels, with a continued emphasis on seeking additional improvements.

Reduced travel budgets per FTE

Become GHG neutral for scope 3 emissions from business travel by 2025 In 2019 (our base year), our business travel emissions were 97 kt CO2e. In 2024, taking into account a new round of travel budget reduction and sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) purchases, our total emissions due to business travel were 65 kt.

Read more on our scope 3 calculation methodology in Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Additional disclosures Methodology on metrics

We have not assessed our SAF expenditure under EU Taxonomy activity 6.19 Passenger and freight air transport, because we do not operate the transport ourselves.

Our employees are affected by these actions, as they will be stimulated to travel in more sustainable ways considering travel modes and limiting business travel if not necessary. Society is positively affected by these actions, as they will lower our CO2e emissions and environmental impact.

Reduced residual emissions by purchasing SAF for part of our global business journeys by plane

Our actions and resources

Read more in Sustainability statements Environmental EU Taxonomy

In the Netherlands, we signed the Dutch Business Sustainable Mobility Pledge,1 which commits us to achieving a gross emission reduction from business travel of 50%.

Impacts:

In 2024, we focused on reducing our business-travel-related emissions by applying a strict need-to-travel policy, increasingly using train travel, electric vehicles and SAF for air travel.

Looking ahead

Energy use and GHG emissions from business travel and commuting (scope 3)

We continue to have a strict need-to-travel policy, and investigate opportunities to reduce travel even more. In addition, we plan to continue our existing strategy of buying SAF to decrease our GHG emissions from business travel. Where there are no alternatives, as of 2025 we aim to offset our residual emissions from employee commuting and business travel by purchasing VERs.

To assess the effects of these actions, we have cross-functional table meetings in which we report progress against our business travel and commuting targets. Inaddition, a CO2e emissions dashboard is available to indicate to what extent CO2e emissions need to be reduced by SAF purchases to meet our targets and from 2025 how much needs to be compensated by carbon credits. We expect the voluntary emission reduction certificates (VERs) to be purchased for our business travel to be in line with the emissions of the current year.

Risks and opportunities:

1. In the Dutch Anders Reizen coalition, around 70

organizations representing more than 550,000 employees in the Netherlands have signed up for the Dutch Business Sustainability Mobility Pledge, which sets out the ambition of the front runners of the Dutch business community to explore the potential of a sustainable shift in business mobility toward the solution to climate change. The main, shared ambition is to reduce CO2e emissions from business travel by 50% in 2030 against the base year 2016. Due to data availability, we use a (updated) base year of 2019 rather than 2016.

Read more about climate-related risks and opportunities in Strategic report Performance and risk Risk and Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Climate resilience analysis

General disclosures Environmental Social Governance Energy efficiency and climate action: Employee commuting

emissions and environmental impact, while also releasing pressure on road infrastructure and congestion.

Our scope

Targets and performance

In scope are emissions from the transportation of (fixed) employees between their homes and their worksites.

Performance indicator Unit 2024 Target Target date Status Scope 3 emissions related to employee commuting

kt 36 GHG neutrality 2025 Work to be done n

At ASML, 2 FTEs are working full-time for the commuting decarbonization project. Thetotal estimated cost of 0.3million are included within the Consolidated financial statements under Selling, general and administrative costs. In 2024, we expensed 1.1 million for the lease of 1,000 campus ebikes, andwe invested 1 million in EV chargers. Theinvestments are included in the Consolidated financial statements under 'Property, plantand equipment'. We do not expect significant emission reduction to result from this action for 2025 because of our expected growth in headcount.

Read more on our scope 3 calculation methodology in Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Additional disclosures Methodology on metrics

We have one target related to reducing our emissions from employee commuting (scope 3 category 7):

solutions that prioritize convenience and environmental responsibility.

Our actions and resources

Gaining more insight with our global decarbonization project

We report and monitor our commutingrelated emissions via our CO2e dashboard and discuss them quarterly in our ESG cross-functional table meetings.

Become GHG neutral for scope 3 emissions from employee commuting by 2025 We have reduced commuting emissions (predominantly related to commuting by car) from 42 kt CO2e in 2019 (our base year) to 36 kt CO2e in 2024, despite both the business and number of employees growing. We have been promoting a balanced working-from-home policy and we developed a mix of sustainable commuting options for our employees and we are encouraging people to travel to work by bicycle or public transport. Alongside this, we provide shuttle bus services from parkand-ride locations and offer satellite offices in the Netherlands. We have also conducted a survey on travel modes among employees of seven representative locations, to get a better understanding of the actual transport modes used to travel to our offices and update our calculation methodology and baseline value accordingly.

Improving data quality and insights of employee commuting emissions worldwide

Dutch Business Sustainable Mobility Pledge In the Netherlands, we signed the Dutch Business Sustainable Mobility Pledge 2030, which also applies for gross emission reduction from commuting. We provided national railway commuting cards to employees to stimulate travel to the office by public transport. In addition, we provided sufficient vehicle charging options, as well as campus e-bikes and on-demand shuttle buses for inter-campus transportation. Tostimulate the use of bicycles for commuting, we increased the cycling reward from 0.21 to 0.35 per kilometer, and for international colleagues not used to riding abike, we offered cycling lessons. With emissions of 0.81 t per FTE in 2024, we already met our 2030 commitment of reducing 50% compared to our base year value of 1.69 t per FTE in 2019.

Impacts:

Energy use and GHG emissions from business travel and commuting (scope 3)

Discussing the possibility of extending the ambition of the Dutch Business Sustainable Mobility Pledge to our other locations worldwide

Looking ahead

We aim to keep the emissions per FTE below current levels, with a continued emphasis on seeking additional improvements. Based on the lessons learned from the commuting decarbonization project across seven representative locations, we aim to set up targeted interventions in both the Netherlands and other operating countries to reduce our emissions from commuting. Examples are exploring opportunities to increase the adoption of electric vehicles and organize for related infrastructure. In order to achieve our GHG neutrality ambition in 2025, where there are no alternatives, we aim to offset our residual emissions from employee commuting by purchasing VERs, which we expect to be in line with current-year emissions.

Risks and opportunities:

Read more about climate-related risks and opportunities in Strategic report Performance and risk Risk and Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Climate resilience analysis

In 2024, we started an employee commuting decarbonization project across seven representative locations to better understand commuting habits, reduce emissions and promote greener commute modes not only in the Netherlands, but in our operating regions worldwide. Input from employees provided us with insights into their preferences in low-carbon modes of transport. These insights will likely lead to targeted interventions to further reduce commuting emissions in later years, so that our employees can contribute to a sustainable future while enjoying tailored

We plan to compensate residual emissions from business travel and employee commuting as of 2025 to meet our target.

Employees are affected by these actions, as they will be stimulated to commute in more sustainable ways. Society is affected by these actions, as they will lower our CO2e

General disclosures Environmental Social Governance Energy efficiency and climate action: Product use

Scope 3 emissions from product use

Our scope

Targets and performance

In scope are expected lifetime emissions from the use of goods and services we sell: EUV and DUV lithography systems and metrology and inspection systems.

Our scope 3 emissions from the use of sold products relate to scope 3 category 11.

GHG emissions (in kt CO2e)

Read more on our scope 3 calculation methodology in Sustainability statements Energy efficiency and climate action Additional disclosures Methodology on metrics

base) and planned NXE lithography systems. We are actively contributing to and driving collaboration on sustainability within the semiconductor industry. Our strong involvement in driving adoption of hightemperature process cooling water (HTPCW) has contributed to making this an industry standard for future semiconductor fabs.

Compared to 2023, the absolute power consumption increased, due to the increase of power required to boost productivity from 160 wafers per hour in 2023 to 220 wafers per hour in 2024 the latter demonstrated in our factory. The increase in energy consumption is partly offset by reduction innovations released in 2024, like RF sleep mode.

Energy use and GHG emissions from product use (scope 3)

Risks and opportunities:

Read more about climate-related risks and opportunities in Strategic report Performance and risk Risk and Sustainability statements Environmental Energy efficiency and climate action Climate resilience analysis

We are advancing our product sustainability roadmaps throughout our product lines, aligning and synergizing ongoing projects while ensuring they will be implemented within envisioned timings. Given the current absolute equivalent power consumption trajectory, we expect to achieve our target of 10% reduction by 2025.

The largest portion of our (indirect) GHG emissions arises during use of our systems at customers factories. In order to reduce those emissions, we aim to:

Scope 3 CO2e emissions (in kt) as a result of product use by our customers for each of our product categories

Achieve a 60% decrease in equivalent energy consumption (kWh/wafer) of our 0.33 NA EUV (NXE) systems by 2025 Based on the latest measurement of the TWINSCAN NXE:3800E, energy use per wafer pass was 5.9 kWh/wafer versus our 2025 target of 5.1kWh/wafer showing an

Our challenge to reduce the emissions from the use of sold products In 2024, total emissions from the use of sold products were 6,569 kt CO2e, of which EUV accounted for 2,811 kt CO2e, DUV for 3,501 kt CO2e, and metrology and inspection systems for 256 kt CO2e.

Energy efficiency and climate action: Product use (continued)

Between 2019 and 2024, the total emissions from the use of sold products have increased from 4,374 kt CO2e to 6,569 kt CO2e, primarily due to the annual increase in sales volumes and partly offset by our methodology update: in previous years we estimated the emissions caused by products used by our customers by using general location-based emissions factors. Based on publicly available data from the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP), we have been able to calculate actual emission factors from our five largest customers. This update in methodology resulted in a decrease of 18% (1,600 kt). The baseline values are updated accordingly.

The EUV light source receives significant focus in our engineering efforts, as it accounts for the largest share of the total energy consumption of an EUV system.

Continuously improving our product roadmaps We continue working on energy efficiency improvements for our (future) products, which requires long lead times and takes multiple years to achieve. Energy-saving roadmaps have been developed for all product categories by our design and engineering teams and, during 2024, we have further developed and detailed these roadmaps toward 2030. For the expected emission reduction of this key action, we refer to our Climate Transition Plan.

Progressing our EUV product roadmaps We are implementing energy efficiency improvements in our EUV NXE product development process according to our roadmap, which includes plans for turning the CO2 drive laser off when it is not needed during production, and making changes in the application of low- and high-temperature cooling water and the reduction of hydrogen consumption.

Progressing our DUV product roadmaps In 2024, we significantly increased customer engagement in both the advanced and mature market segments with the aim of developing joint roadmaps toward GHG neutrality. Although it will not directly lower our scope 3 emissions, we are also focusing on improvements related to the installed base. We introduced an installed base sustainability roadmap, including software- and hardware-related upgrades to reduce energy consumption and CO2 emissions from immersion hoods for the customers' installed base. This roadmap further enables our customers GHG reduction ambitions. We introduced clear governance with regard to Sustainability Product Use in Portfolio and Product Management, to accelerate on the GHG emission reduction targets.

We have also set internal targets for reducing the emissions of our DUV machines measuring and monitoring the energy use per exposed wafer in kWh and the absolute (equivalent) power consumption in kW compared to baseline values, so we can track the effectiveness of our policies and actions. The metrics on DUV immersion and DUV dry are included in the metrics table of this section. We have internal roadmaps on the energy use per exposed wafer pass for our DUV machines, which are closely monitored by all relevant teams.

We see that the energy used per wafer pass for EUV has decreased between 2020 and 2024 our machines in general are becoming more energy efficient per output measure, confirming that we are working on the right actions towards our energy efficiency targets.

In addition, we have started to better assess the energy efficiency of metrology and inspection systems. Were working with peers and partners to accelerate efforts to reduce GHG emissions, share knowledge and technology, and stimulate the adoption of renewable energy worldwide toward reaching our ambition to achieve GHG neutrality in 2040.

For DUV, we have set up an energy reduction roadmap in 2024 forboth new systems and the installed base. Metrics will be absolute power use reduction, energy consumption per wafer pass and carbon footprint. This roadmap includes software- and hardware-related upgrades, which directly contribute to our customers' ambitions in energy reduction. We expect to release the first immersion system upgrade on energy efficiency to the market in 2026.

It is a positive trend that both internal stakeholders and our customers are increasingly aware of the energy consumption of our products. The prioritization of related aspects at a product system engineering level is speeding up progress on our targets. Alongside our energy efficiency roadmaps, the gradual increase in renewable energy uptake by our customers is instrumental in helping to reduce our product use emissions.

Our actions and resources

As demand for enhanced chip functionality grows, the complexity and energy consumption of the overall microchip patterning process including that of our products is increasing. When we design new systems, we increasingly focus on reducing energy consumption and cost while increasing performance and availability. Our energy reduction plans are an integrated part of the product and technology roadmaps we have in place for our total product portfolio.

Energy efficiency and climate action: Product use (continued)

Resources Following our product roadmaps, we innovate across our entire product portfolio through strong investments in R&D. When we design new systems, we increasingly focus on reducing energy consumption and cost, while increasing performance and availability. The R&D costs are therefore not solely attributable to our GHG emissionreduction targets, but our product roadmaps always aim to contribute to ASML's strategic goals.

Looking ahead

Semiconductor Climate Consortium (SCC)

Customers, ICT and society

We will continue to work on the energy efficiency of our systems and other product families.

We are a founding member of the SCC. Established in November 2022, the SCC aims to address the challenges of climate change and speed up the industrys efforts to reduce GHG emissions throughout the value chain. The consortiums members are committed to working toward the following pillars and objectives:

While we measure and aim to reduce the impacts of our operations, supply chain and product use, ASMLs climate impacts extend far beyond these areas to include the benefits and risks that our technology brings to society. The technology pioneered by our R&D teams and partners sits at the heart of global digitalization and has the potential to transform how we all live and work. We enable our customers to innovate the semiconductor technologies that can help humanity manage its challenges and seize opportunities by facilitating sustainable living and e-mobility, accessible healthcare, food security and the transition to renewable energy. On the other hand, we acknowledge the effects of digital technologies that increase energy demand, such as artificial intelligence (AI), internet of things (IoT), blockchain and cryptocurrency mining. Incollaboration with the industry, we aim to have a better understanding of the GHG emissions caused by the use of our customers products. We do this, for example, via the SCC, where we actively engage with our customers on climaterelated matters. We don't measure emissions downstream beyond our customers and have no targets on these, because this is outside the scope of our GHG reporting boundary.

Transparency Publicly report progress and scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions annually

Ambition Set near- and long-term decarbonization targets with the aim of reaching GHG neutrality by 2040

Collaboration Align on common approaches, technology innovations and communication channels to continuously reduce GHG emissions

With the inclusion of the Circular Economy objective under the EU Taxonomy Regulation as of 2024, the R&D costs related to the design and manufacturing of our products are reported as eligible opex under the target activity CE 1.2 Manufacture of electrical and electronic equipment. When the R&D costs are capitalized under IFRS, it is part of the EU Taxonomy capex KPI.

The SCC is ultimately responsible for monitoring and reviewing progress toward these ambitions.

In 2023, the SCC published an in-depth analysis of the semiconductor value chains carbon footprint and priority-ranked carbon emission sources for the industry. This acts as the baseline for value chain emissions.

We are one of the leading industry forces addressing climate change and speeding up efforts to reduce GHG emissions throughout the entire value chain. We are co-leading the BAR (Baselining, Ambition-Setting and Roadmapping) consortium working group and are actively participating in other working groups by sharing data and information and facilitating sessions.

For DUV, we actively engage with our customers on our product roadmaps for both ASML's and our customers GHG neutrality ambitions. We will also expand engagement with our customers on our DUV roadmaps in the coming years to jointly plan and act to meet our ambitions.

General disclosures Environmental Social Governance Energy efficiency and climate action: Metrics table

Base year

--- zona 6 (seccion: EMEA) ---
I-line

Gross profit increased mainly as a result of higher service sales. The gross margin remained stable compared to previous year. The gross margin benefited from an improved net service and field options sales margin, which was offset by a lower share of NXE sales and the dilutive impact of the first EXE systems recognized as sales.

The increase in total net sales was primarily driven by higher net service and field option sales, increased DUV immersion system shipments and the first EXE systems (EUV 0.55 NA) being successfully installed in the field. NXE (EUV 0.33 NA) sales volumes were lower due to a shift in the market dynamics, driven by AI. This was partially offset by our customers' transition to the NXE:3800E, our latest NXE value proposition introduced in 2024. We recognized 2 EXE and 42 NXE systems in sales in 2024 compared with 0 EXE and 53 NXE systems in 2023. Our system sales units across our DUV technologies decreased from 396 in 2023 to 374 units in 2024.

--- zona 7 (seccion: EMEA) ---
Risk category: Violation of laws and regulations

We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations across the jurisdictions where we operate, including but not limited to those relating to trade, national security, tax, export controls, reporting, product compliance, anti-corruption, antitrust, ESG, human rights, data protection, AI technologies, spatial planning, environmental matters, securities laws and stock exchange rules. With the significant growth of our business in recent years, ensuring compliance with laws and regulations and our internal policies across our continually expanding organization has become more challenging. We face the risk that, despite our significant efforts and proactive approach to compliance, we may fail to comply with such laws, regulations or policies.

Laws and regulations that impact our business are regularly amended and we are subject to new laws and regulations. We are also subject to the changing interpretations by and positioning of regulators, including in the granting of required licenses to ship products as well as in investigations and enforcement. Additional or amended regulations or changes in policies of governments and regulators could increase compliance costs and risks associated with non-compliance or further limit our ability to sell our products and services in certain jurisdictions.

ASML's Articles of Association provide that it is subject to the provisions of Dutch law applicable to large corporations, called structuurregime. These provisions concentrate control of certain corporate decisions and transactions in the hands of the Supervisory Board (SB). As a result, holders of ordinary shares may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions by members of the SB than if we were not subject to the structuurregime.

--- zona 8 (seccion: N.V.) ---
Disclosure controls and procedures

Changes in internal control over financial reporting

As of December31, 2024, ASMLs senior management conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of ASMLs CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of ASMLs disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on such evaluation, ASMLs CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of December31, 2024, ASMLs disclosure controls and procedures are effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, information required to be disclosed by ASML in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act and are effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by ASML in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to ASMLs management, including ASMLs CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

During the year ended December31, 2024, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Inherent limitations of disclosure controls and procedures in internal control over financial reporting

It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events.

Managements report on internal control over financial reporting

ASMLs management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of ASMLs CEO and CFO, ASMLs management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of ASMLs internal control over financial reporting as of December31, 2024, based upon the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)issued by the COSO. Based on that evaluation, management has concluded that ASMLs internal control over financial reporting was effective, as of December31, 2024, at providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Financial statements for external purposes in conformity with US GAAP.

KPMG Accountants N.V., an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Financial statements as included in this Annual Report and has also audited and issued a report, included herein, on the effectiveness of ASMLs internal control over financial reporting.

Financial calendar

--- zona 9 (seccion: CE 3.2) ---
Our actions and resources

In respect of fair labor conditions we have not set a measurable target in the current year. We have robust processes for engaging with our employees, Works Councils and unions in setting fair terms and conditions of employment for all our employees.

Renewing our collective bargaining agreement in NL In 2024, the Metalektro CLA was renewed, and came into effect as of June 1, 2024, valid until December 31, 2025. The CLA applies to all employees in the Netherlands in job grades 1 to 11.

The scope of this sub-topic is worldwide.

Read more on labor conditions in Sustainability statements Social Attractive workplace for all How we're managing

Read more on how we engage employees in Sustainability statements Social Attractive workplace for all How we're managing Process for engaging

Read more on how we engage with unions in Sustainability statements Social Attractive workplace for all How we're managing Process for engaging

Impacts:

Impact on employees through fair labor conditions

Our risk management process helps to monitor our compliance with local labor laws.

Improving our adequate wage assessment To ensure we meet adequate wage requirements, we review living wage and minimum wage benchmarks every year in the countries where we operate and will take any necessary corrective action. In 2024, we updated our approach to use the higher of living wage and minimum wage levels in each location where we operate, based on independent third-party benchmarks sourced from a single non-profit organization. We continue to mature our remuneration policies and processes in line with applicable wage laws and strive to ensure our employees remuneration is fair and balanced.

Looking ahead

Risks and opportunities:

In 2025, we will focus on preparing for pay transparency in view of current legislation in various states in the US, and preparing for upcoming legislation related to the EU Pay Transparency Directive and any other jurisdictions where such legislation might be enacted.

Failure to provide fair labor conditions could result in unavailability of personnel, disengaged employees, retention and recruitment challenges

Read more on our risk management process in Strategic report Performance and risk Risk How we manage risk

Failure to comply with labor law could lead to sanctions, financial loss or reputational damage

We have also incorporated a human rights due diligence process in support of the principles laid down in the UNGPs.

Read more in Strategic report Corporate conduct Respecting human rights

General disclosures Environmental Social Governance Attractive workplace for all: Well-being

Our scope

--- zona 10 (seccion: EMEA) ---
Our business strategy consists of six priorities that will drive long-term growth

Place cost and energy consumption reduction at the core of value creation for customers by continuing tosimplify process flows, ensuring the highest transistor density at all process steps, and promoting technologies that scale improved productivity, lowercosts of technology for customers and reduce emissions

Gross margin

Maximize good printed transistors from lithography by:

Deepen customer trust and satisfaction through increased value creation, focused on innovation, cost, quality, sustainability and response time

Simultaneously optimize total lithography cost by:

==============================================================================
INFORME: STELLANTIS NV | PAISES BAJOS | 2018 | URD
==============================================================================

--- zona 1 (seccion: GROUPEPSA CSR PERFORMANCE 2.5.) ---
To the Shareholders,

In our capacity as an independent third party of Peugeot S.A. and accredited by COFRAC under number n3-1080(1), we hereby report to you on the consolidated non-financial statement for the year ended 31st December 2018 (hereinafter the Statement), included in the Group management report pursuant to the legal and regulatory provisions of articlesL.225-102-1, R.225-105 and R.225-105-1 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).

Pursuant to legal and regulatory requirements, the Executive Board is responsible for preparing the Statement, including a presentation of the business model, a description of the principal non-financial risks, a presentation of the policies implemented considering those risks and the outcomes of said policies, including key performance indicators.

The Statement has been prepared in accordance with the entitys procedures (hereinafter the Guidelines), the main elements of which are presented in the Statement.

Our independence is defined by the provisions of article L.822-11-3 of the French Commercial Code and the French Code of Ethics (Code de dontologie) of our profession. In addition, we have implemented a system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with the ethical requirements, French professional guidance and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

On the basis of our work, our responsibility is to provide a report expressing a limited assurance conclusion on:

--- zona 2 (seccion: CONCLUSION) ---
However, as an exception to the above:

Quantitative information on Banque PSA Finance (BPF) and Faurecia is published separately in this section and accompanied by specific explanations, if necessary. For further information, especially about CSR initiatives implemented by these two companies over the period, please refer to ESG Reports from PSA Banque France (the joint venture between Banque PSA Finance and Santander Consumer Finance in France) and Faurecia: website, Registration Document,etc.

The social and societal information published in the BPF Registration Document consolidates entities wholly owned by BPF at 31December 2018. This methodology linked to the BPF consolidation rules, excludes the joint ventures created with Santander from the CSR reporting scope. These joint ventures are listed in the BPF Management Report.

In compliance with regulations, quantitative data were reported using cross-functional, comparable indicators when relevant.

Detailed social, environmental and societal data as well as information on sustainable development initiatives also covers:

The scope of reporting does not include joint ventures with other car manufacturers accounted for using the equity method, due to the lack of exclusive control:

--- zona 3 (seccion: THE EXCLUSIONS FROM THE CSR REPORTING VERSUS THE F) ---
the Czech Republic, in a joint venture with Toyota;

Unless otherwise stated, Group policy applies to PSA Automobiles SA. This relates to the following topics in particular: workplace health and safety conditions, organisation of social dialogue, especially procedures for informing, consulting and negotiating with personnel, and agreements signed with unions or employee representatives, the training policies implemented, anti-discrimination policy, measures taken in relation to the Groups local impact, partnerships and philanthropy initiatives, taking social and environmental issues into account in procurement policies.

China, in a joint venture with Dongfeng Motor Corp.;

--- zona 4 (seccion: NET POSITION AFTER HEDGING) ---
the effectiveness of the hedging relationship is demonstrated at n

inception. If the hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, this ratio must then be rebalanced. Rebalancing consists in adjusting either the designated quantities of the hedged item or the hedging instrument of an already existing hedging relationship.

IFRS 9 now allows for recognising hedging of the raw materials portions, which helps accounting to better correspond to economic reality. Since 1January 2018, this allows the Group to extend hedging in compliance with its management rules (see Note12.7.A.(5) to the 2017 consolidated financial statements).

The Group uses two hedging relationships:

fair value hedges: n

Besides, the Group implements currency hedges to protect against changes in the value of payables and receivables denominated in foreign currencies. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recognised in profit or loss, offsetting the change in payables and receivables denominated in foreign currencies, to the extent of hedge effectiveness. The ineffective portion is recognised in net financial income (expense).

Gains and losses arising from remeasurement at fair value are recognised in profit or loss, and are offset by the effective portion of the loss or gain arising from remeasurement at fair value of the hedging instrument;

cash flow hedges: n

--- zona 5 (seccion: OBJECTIVES AND AUDIT APPROACH) ---
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

We submit a report to the Finance and Audit Committee which includes in particular a description of the scope of the audit and the audit program implemented, as well as the results of our audit. We also report significant deficiencies, if any, in internal control regarding the accounting and financial reporting procedures that we have identified.

Our report to the Finance and Audit Committee includes the risks of material misstatement that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and which are therefore the key audit matters that we are required to describe in this report.

We also provide the Finance and Audit Committee with the declaration provided for in Article 6 of Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014, confirming our independence within the meaning of the rules applicable in France as set out in particular in Articles L.822-10 to L.822-14 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and in the French Code of Ethics for Statutory Auditors (Code de dontologie de la profession de commissaire aux comptes). Where appropriate, we discuss with the Finance and Audit Committee the risks that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and the related safeguards.

Courbevoie and Paris-La Dfense, 26 February 2019

--- zona 6 (seccion: CAPITALIZATION AND VALUATION OF DEVELOPMENT COSTS) ---
CGUs subject to impairment testing; Analyzing the future cash flow projections, in particular the >

consistency of the margin rates and volumes used for the tests with external sources or managements latest estimates presented to the governance bodies; Assessing projections by comparing them with the data used >

for the previous impairment tests and the Groups historical performance; Analyzing the sensitivity of the recoverable amount of the >

--- zona 7 (seccion: STOCK MARKET CODE OF ETHICS 3.1.3.3.) ---
the agreement on capital expenditures above 50million;

He covered the maintenance of a balance of functions among the governance bodies, being attentive to ensuring frequent and regular dialogue with the Chairman of the Managing Board.

the annual review of GroupePSAs CSR policy, its n

implementation and the main results achieved.

--- zona 8 (seccion: OTHER COMPENSATION OR BENEFITS) ---
For attendance at Board meetings: For attendance at committee meetings: Chairmanship of a committee: For non-voting member of the Supervisory Board:

Chairman of the Finance and Audit Committee: fixed part: 12,000; >

Including by audio- and video-conference. *

--- zona 9 (seccion: AN TIECHENG) ---
Member of the Supervisory Board of Peugeot S.A.

Chairman of the Asia Business Development Committee Member of the Finance and Audit Committee Member of the Strategic Committee

Other directorships and positions as of 31December 2018: Listed company Group Company

--- zona 10 (seccion: IMPACT OF FAIR VALUE HEDGES) ---
Tax credits include research tax credits that do not meet the definition of government grants.

(in million euros) 31December 2018 31December 2017 Current Taxes Assets 376 353 Liabilities (525) (234) (149) 119 Defered Taxes Defered taxes assets on deficit 1,019 617 Provisions for contingencies and charges 1,224 1,189 Other 912 1,475 Offsetting (2,119) (2,472) Net assets 1,036 809 Research and development expenses (1,454) (1,301) Untaxed provisions and special depreciation allowances (987) (904) Other (459) (1,164) Offsetting 2,119 2,472 Net liabilities (781) (897) 255 (88)

(in million euros) 31December 2018 31December 2017 Tax credits 12 13 Gross(1) 4,839 5,007 Previously unrecognised deferred tax assets(2) (3,820) (4,390) Deferred tax asset offset (French tax group)(3) (860) (534) Other deferred tax assets offset - (31) Total deferred tax assets on tax loss carryforwards 159 52 Other deferred tax assets 865 744 DEFERRED TAX ASSETS 1,036 809 Deferred tax liabilities before offsetting of the French tax group(4) (1,641) (1,431) Deferred tax liabilities offset (French tax group)(3) 860 534 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (781) (897) The gross amount of deferred tax assets corresponding to tax loss carryforwards represents all deferred tax assets corresponding to tax losses that can be carried (1) forward, regardless of whether they were recognised on the balance sheet at 31December 2018. Of the impaired unrecognised deferred tax assets, 564 million (671 million at 31December 2017) are related to Faurecia, 2,066 million (2) are related to the French tax group (2,511 million at 31December 2017) and 484 million to Opel Espana. Offsetting consists of presenting on the face of the consolidated statements of financial position the net deferred tax position of the French tax group, with deferred tax (3) assets covered by deferred tax liabilities, taking into account the legal restrictions on the use of tax loss carryforwards (see Note13.1). The main temporary differences that generate deferred tax liabilities arise from the capitalisation of research and development costs and differences in amortisation or (4) depreciation methods or periods.

Tax loss carryforwards relating to the French tax group totalled 11,327 million at 31December 2018.